I just heard music for the first time in my life. Which songs should I listen to?
Unfortunately, my parents took me on a ride on a jet plane when I was a few months old and I had been deaf since then.


We live in a third world country and since my dad worked in the army, we couldn't afford a hearing aid. I didn't have any idea what "sound" was. Today, I got a hearing aid as a present from an expat visitor and I could **hear** for the first time in my life.

He played the song "We are the world" by Michael Jackson. It was overwhelming at first but I couldn't help but fall in love with the singer's voice. His voice somehow comforted me. I experienced the peace I never knew existed.

What other songs should I listen to?

Sorry, I'm all teary after hearing for the first time. I wish I could talk to you guys via voice chat to hear everyone although I'm sure I wouldn't be able to make out what you're saying. I think if people are talking about good things, they would give me that 'good feeling' like the song. I'm not really sure of course. Thanks again!

Edit: I will definitely listen to all the songs recommended by everyone who's awesome to have made a comment and keep each and everyone updated after I've listened to the recommended songs. Wouldn't hurt to try and I'm willing to take whatever the risk haha. So far, I like the less repetitive ones like Bohemian Rhapsody. I find my eyes widen again and again while listening to Bohemian Rhapsody. I knew the lyrics and I thought it was supposed to be a sad song before I was able to hear but when I heard it, it gave more than just sad feelings. It made me feel like I was sort of floating in air. This is actually like a drug. I don't know why. Most of the times I find myself frozen as I listen to the sounds.

Edit 2: Dad and the kind gentleman who gave us the hearing aid showed me how to count the beats. They told me to hit the table along with them when the loudest shortest sound happened and showed me how to dance with the loudest sound. I had no idea dancing to the song would be this fast haha. Now I'm dancing. I thought I was supposed to feel happy while dancing but I feel like I'm riding the waves in the ocean while dancing with the music. It's more than the happy feeling. I feel sleepy and happy at the same time when the music is playing. Is this how it's supposed to feel when you hear the music while you dance?

Edit 3: Holy shit holy shit. I just got back from dancing. I'm listening to all the songs one by one and it just continues to shake my heart. I watched the Equilibrium movie and I always wanted to feel how it must have felt like when I saw Christian Bale in that scene where he heard the music. And I got gold from /u/Subliminal_Image and silver from an anonymous stranger even though I hadn't used Reddit much! Thank you thank you! I listened to Canon In D as recommended by most Redditors and my sister. The music without singers sounds totally different from the ones where the singers sing.

Edit 4: I understand the edits that thank the people who gave gold, silver etc might be frowned upon on Reddit but I just wanted to thank /u/DD2253 for giving me the Pineapple award and the anonymous users who gave me gold and silver awards. I wonder what this award does! :D If I could donate this award to somebody else I'd like to donate it.

Edit 5: I saw the comments which said they wished they could hear the songs they liked for the first time again. No idea why I'm tearing up reading them even after dancing happily with the songs. I am going to listen to all those songs and reply how I felt as I heard them for the first time. Maybe this is the least I could do for the awesome comments. 

Edit 6: My brother told me to listen to acapellas which was just the singer singing so that I could separately hear what people sounded like when they sang. It's actually different from symphonies. It's harder to process but it gives similar feelings.
.
I just realized I could let the shower warm up before stepping in
I'm 28. The girl I was wkth wanted to take a shower together. "Why dont you wait for it to warm up?"  I stared back at her, a million thoughts running through my head. I feel so stupid, I couldn't enjoy the rest of the night. I has no answer for her, and I always hated showers. Today I stood and waited for the shower to heat up for the first time, and it was great! 

I dont know. Have you ever done something...this dumb? I'm working on my masters and I feel like such a dumbass
.
I’m taking my ex-wife and her husband on vacation.
I’m going to try to make this short:

My ex-wife and I were married for seven years. We had three children. We got divorced over nine years ago. The first year was rough—like any divorce. Both of us had to find our place in the world. We never used the kids as a weapon, and both of us made sure equal custody was never in danger. So, things were amicable. 

We have an autistic son. His behavior in school and at home became so awful that we blamed ourselves. Our relationship got better because we were trying to figure out where we were going wrong. Her husband and I had multiple theories, but she knew the source was school. She hid an old iPhone in his backpack and recorded audio from the day. Short version: he was hit multiple times and tormented by a teacher’s aide all day. 

We went to war with the school. There were a lot of late nights trying to determine what to do. This was five years ago. 

Five years ago, she also had a baby with her husband. Her husband came to my house soon after and said, “It must have been tough seeing a guy move in with your kids. I don’t think I understood that until I had my own kid. 

Last year, they asked me to be their child’s godfather. 

The most common reaction to this—“That’s weird.”

He’s a mechanic and takes care of my car. We’re both musicians, so we play together often. I keep their kiddo for them whenever he doesn’t want to be separated from his siblings. Etc., etc., etc. 

That’s the basic rundown of our relationship over the last nine years. 


I was very fortunate to get a side gig this summer that pays very well. My kids have never been on vacation. My ex-wife’s husband have never been on a plane. None of them have ever left the country. So I bought tickets for everyone to Rome the week of Christmas.

EDIT: 

1. I will post the entire deal with my son soon. 
2. Thanks for the positivity in the comments.

Edit 2: 

There is no romantic involvement between my ex and I. I have been in a relationship for a year.

Edit 3:

I get it! I am a “LOW IQ N***** CUCK” 

Say it all you want in the comments, but I’ve seriously deleted over 20 PMs from these pathetic losers.

[My Son’s Story](https://www.reddit.com/r/CasualConversation/comments/cenc00/my_autistic_son_was_abused_by_a_teachers_aide/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app)
.
So... I've been a Redditor for 10 years now today.. I've literally visited this site nearly every day for the past 10 years.
Also: 
I am a woman 

I am black woman

I am a middle aged black woman 


In all these years I can count on one hand the number of times I've revealed all three of these at once. Revealing each one individually already has the propensity to bring the worst Redditors to the table. I can't begin to tell you the names I've been called or the hurtful stereotypes I was expected to defend or debate because I revealed my gender, race or age over the past decade on Reddit. 

But I never engage with those seeking to attack or debate due to the reveal..as wasting my time fighting a faceless battle on the internet with some jackwagon that feels powerful because they are able to hide behind their keyboard is pretty stupid to me!

But don't get me wrong.. the past decade on Reddit hasn't been all bad. Not way! I developed a phenomenal friendship offline with a Redditor in my city after selling concert tickets to her .. she's now one of my dearest friends.  

Also, I live in this city without my family. Several years ago I found myself in an abusive relationship during a pretty low, lonely and emotionally trying period of my life. I was an emotional zombie due to the sudden death of my mother and the professional struggles I encountered while trying to stabilize myself professionally and assimilate to a (less diverse) new city where I knew no one. After many doors being slammed in my face professionally, being alone, I gave up on myself and invited the wrong man into my life, putting myself in a worse situation. 

Long story short.. Something in me finally clicked and I gained the strength to walk out. (The previous week, I'd been in the hospital as I'd "fallen" down a flight of stairs). The firefighters that showed up knew something was wrong but I was afraid to tell them what was going on and what had happened. Yeah, he pushed me. 

But on this night, I grabbed my little dog, my car keys and my wallet..got into my car and sped away. I had no plan. For some reason, that night I posted on Reddit..scared, tired, confused, emotionally drained and broken. Several Redditors in my area came to my rescue..both men and women, offering me lodging for the night, to come and meet me for coffee, numbers to community resources and more, so much help. I rented a room at a Motel 6.. and met a Redditor for coffee, she chatted with me until the sun came up and continued to check in on me the following day. I moved one week later into the very comfortable home of friend of hers that needed a roommate. I had no job at the time, I was on unemployment and had a severance from the company that had laid me off previously (that was quickly dwindling as I'd turned to alcohol after my mothers death). 

I found new employment soon after moving in with her and I know the patience, trust and the offer of a stable home and safe space I so desperately needed during that dark phase of my life was the springboard I needed to believe in myself again and get back to the life I deserved to live. The kindness will never ever be forgotten as long as I live as I shudder when I think of where I could have ended up as the depression, alcoholism and bad choices had me in their grasp. 

7 years later.. my life is drastically different. I am back on the path of living the quality life I lived prior to moms death. I am stable, financially and mentally. I've a phenomenal career and want for absolutely nothing. But man oh man, that was a bad night, I was on a horrible path and those Redditors were there for me. No judgement, just a desire to help in any way they could. 

So while Reddit has changed a lot over the past decade, one thing that hasn't changed is that there are still Redditors on this site that truly care about their fellow human beings that Reddit alongside them. I guess thats why after a decade... this feisty middle aged chocolate girl (that doesn't look a day over 25.. I promise.. ha ha) is still happily Redditing. :-) 

It's been an interesting 10 years... wonder what the next 10 will be like? 

Thanks for reading my little ramble.. 
Aloha and Thanks Reddit. 


UPDATE:  Holy guacamole guys.. Thank you so much for all the love and the beautiful comments. And I've been gilded??? I can't even right now. I'm so emotional right now y'all.., dammit Reddit is the tits! Y'all are some cool people out there. Keep on being awesome!!!  

And thank you for making my 10th Reddit Bday so damned memorable. 
.
My Hulu account was hacked a few months back, and I let it go because the people who were using it didn't change anything on it. They only watched stuff. And then this happened:
I knowingly had people on my Hulu account who I didn't recognize. I was too lazy to fix it only because all they did was watch stuff I'd never watch. There were 4 different unknown devices using my account. Then two days ago, a 5th one showed up and changed my email, password, and account settings to add on everything you can add on. My next charge was supposed to be $50+ a month. I had the $11.99 package. 

I caught it and fixed everything. So good going, 5th guy. You ruined free Hulu with no ads for 4 other people because you got greedy. And shout out to the hackers of my account who didn't change anything of mine for a few months. Just because you're a "bad" guy doesn't mean you have to be a bad guy. To the guy who was watching Daria on it, sorry you couldn't finish. I saw how far you were getting the entire time. To the guy who had the device "andy's iphone," maybe change the name of your device because I think I know what your first name is. But anyway, you're a cool guy. To the 5th guy, you're a moron. You got too greedy too quick. Fuck you. You shoulda just used me to watch Hulu without the live tv thing. I woulda had no issues with it.

To Hulu, please add a two factor authentication option to accounts. Thanks.
.
My 18yo foster son just learned that he is getting a 100% free ride to a 4-year college. First in his family to ever go to college. I am so, so proud of him.
Due to the limitations of foster care, I cannot identify him, or post his name or picture on social media. So, I won't \- but man, do I want to. I want to shout it from the rooftops. He's breaking the cycle of poverty. He is more likely to have children that go to college. For now he wants to do mechanical engineering, and he's already into robotics and 3D printing. He's going to kill it.

Join me in celebrating tonight. Raise a glass to the rare, *rare* foster kid that makes it out OK. He's got 4 younger siblings that get to watch him set the pace. He's going to be their hero.

\*Edit\* Didn't mean for this to be self\-congratulatory if it comes across that way. My wife and I have been in this boy's life for only about 6 months. 100&#37; of the credit goes to him and him alone, I'm just happy to be here to support him.

\*Edit 2\* Reddit Gold? 2,000 up doots and climbing? I was always worried that my top post would be some silly cat video. Glad it was something nice about my kid instead. Yay internet, you rock.

\*Edit 3\* I've read every single reply up to this point, and tried to comment when I thought I could provide value. Thank you all so very much for the kind words. Both of my teens will be reading this post and your advice, congratulations, and other kind words will hit their mark. I am tired now and want to get back to an awesome weekend with the family \- we are attending a film shoot thanks to a different reddit post about my other foster kid from a few months ago! Please continue to spread good thoughts and if you can, help a foster kid get into school. Killer Mike is speaking about a different topic that affects young people, but he's spot on, [get them educated](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JhudugDROn0).
.
Just got an email from a mom I used to nanny for when I was in college. Her teenage son just complained about Dino checked nuggets. “They don’t taste like they used to, and there are no Dino eggs!!!”
I “homemade” them in the food processor with chicken thighs, broccoli, cream cheese and a little cheddar cheese. Then used cookie cutters to make Dino shapes (he was in kindergarten at the time, and as we only did homemade food, he was jealous of his classmates!), dipped them in egg and coating and baked them. I used to make “egg” shapes with the leftovers and always put one in each freezer bag that would then be his school lunch. 

I’m so freaking happy that he loved his homemade chicken Dino nuggets so much that he missed them into his teenage years. I sent mom and him the recipe. He replied with “I think I’ll make these but only as eggs”. It put a huge smile on my face.
.
I'm glad that the eclipse today finally gave America a reason to talk about something positive for a change
Probably the first time in years that all of America, if just for a few hours, didn't argue about politics and beliefs, and just looked up at the sky with wonder and awe. I think that's just beautiful and worth noting.
.
Why is this so hard??
I am not "new" to Reddit but, new to posting on here (just the last few months). I just want to do a damn snack exchange but need 600 Karma to post there!! I am not begging for karma here, I am legitimately asking HOW to do this??? I gift a lot of pizzas in random acts of pizza, I try to comment on threads I feel like I have something to add or say, but OMG it's been like 5 months and 17 gifted pizzas and still not to 600!!! Shit, I have even given 10 gold's to people! Please tell me the secret!!! I am desperately wanting to do a snack exchange :)
.
Today , I was high AF and I asked my mom (involuntary) how she's doing and her face lit up.
Pretty much what the title says. I was back from an evening session and I just went into the kitchen for something I didn't remember and while I was going back to my room I just casually asked her "Hey mom , are you fine ?". She out on the purest smile and she said " Yeah son , just making you you're favorite dinner". I rarely ask her about her day because I'm a dumb idiot but today I was glad I did and hope I make this a daily thing :)

Edit - I'm just glad that this thread made a few people call their moms and that makes me so happy. Love y'all ❤️

Edit - I'm even more glad to know that all the mommas are appreciating this thread and us kids. Love y'all even more ❤️

Edit - Sorry , last one I promise but I don't wanna ignore the dads. They're awesome too ! Here's to loving them ❤️
.
I am a girl and was shamed for lifting weights.
These two guys were talking to me about me lifting weights and drinking protein shakes. One of them is obese which makes this even more... interesting. They said men don't want musuclar girls. I just said "Oh I'm not doing this for men, I'm doing this for myself". They immediately shut up.

I didn't raise my voice and kept my cool. That was an achievement for me. :) 

Girls, keep calm and lift on.

Edit:Thank you all for all the kind words! You guys gave me the boost I needed. I really really appreciate all the comments.

Edit 2: I know this is gonna be so cliche and pisses people of (Sorry) but thank you for the stranger who gave me platinum!
.
Anyone else just hate how drinking alcohol is a norm?
This probably has been said before but I feel like I need to reiterate it. The fact that alcohol is pushed into our faces by: making it a cultural norm to celebrate your first drink the day you turn legal age, having excessive amounts of pubs/bars in the middle of town, advertising liquor on magazines, billboards, bathrooms, etc., people bragging about how much they can drink and or talk about how cool it is to be blackout drunk and getting wAsTeD, it’s truly disgusting and I’m disappointed in society for it. I understand that alcohol can be controlled at a mature level but almost all adults cannot control their liquor which leads to alcoholism, family issues, damage to physical and mental health and so much more issues down the road. I’m not going to be on my high horse because I have admittedly drank too much plenty of times and or purposely went over my limit due to my poor drinking choices and the alcohol increases more poor choices. Anyways, I hate myself because it’s been only giving me negative outcomes, never positive. I just wish alcohol wasn’t a norm and it was more of a niche thing, as if it was something that people weren’t talking about how drunk they got on the weekend or how stupid they acted on alcohol.
.
This post is a boy appreciation post
That's right, this post? Right here? I'mma about to appreciate boys on it. Had you seen one? Had you seen how cute those motherfuckers are? I bet you did, because if you are here, you are like me and love seeing guys doing average normal things.

Like when then put their hands on their pockets, damn I love when they do that. Or when they do that thing with the hair, when they run their fingers through their hair? Hell yeah that's awesome. And when they take theirs shirt off in that unique guy way? Damn, my heart almost makes the Slipknot drummer look like the keyboard cat. I love how simple and practical they are.

Chubby boys, skinny boys, buff boys, tall boys, short boys, white boys, black boys, asian boys, trans boys you name it, they are all cute in their own ways. If you are reading this and you are a boy, you better feel appreciated, because you, my dude you are handsome.

Don't let anyone tell you otherwise.

Edit: I wanna thanks everyone for the comments and messages it's been really sweet, unfortunately I have to sleep but I will keep reading them tomorrow, even if this take me the entire day.

Edit²: This post keeps getting bigger and bigger, and I'm really glad for it. I'll keep reading the comments and the messages through the day. I don't know if it will eventually become so big that I won't be able, but I'll keep trying.

Final Edit: So far I think I was able to read all the comments. Unfortunately, I have a pretty shitty data plan, and won't be able to continue. But I want to say that it's been a emotional rollercoaster reading through it. 

Overall, I'm really happy and truly glad for all the messages I've got. I hope I was able to answer every single one of them until now. And for the ones that will come, I'll keep answering them when I have the chance.

Thanks for the dudes, and also for the girls who shared their opinions about all those beautiful boys.

I hope you all had a great day.
I wish you all a great year, and a great life.
Be well, every single one of you.
.
Today two little girls sweetly played with my son at the splash park. He has autism, he’s nonverbal and makes “odd” sounds and motions. Most kids walk away and ignore him as soon as they don’t get a standard interaction. They asked questions and continued to interact! Made my whole week!
I can’t tell you how awesome it was! They splashed him, called him by his name, and didn’t run away when he did his “dance.” You’d have to see it but when he’s happy he does this jumping motion like a little dance. His happiest sound is like Fonzies’s “AYYY” on repeat. They asked me lots of questions about him and listened to my answers. I explained that his brain works differently than theirs. They were so undaunted and didn’t act uncomfortable or afraid (a lot of kids do.) He doesn’t have any friends and that’s ok. I just don’t want kids to actively shun him. He has fun splashing too! They’ll never know how they warmed my heart, but now you do! Wherever they are now, I hope they’ll remember what they were told today and I hope they never change.

EDIT: Oh wow! I’ve seen so many people say it before but now it’s my turn... I went to sleep and this blew up! I am so shocked and gratified that our happy little moment made so many strangers smile!! I’m going to try and respond to each comment over time, you guys really surprised me here with all the love ❤️
.
Dear America, stop putting laugh tracks in your shows.
It's literally in every single one of your shows that I've ever seen. It's worn out, and doesn't add anything. If a character says something funny, the audience should recognise this and laugh themselves, not be told when to laugh by some basic laugh track.

I can't think of a single UK show that has a laugh track, and they're all great shows. Take Little Britain, it doesn't need them, but the US version has them. It's just pointless.

Sincerely, someone from the UK.

Edit: HOLY MOLY! I went to sleep and now this! Thank you so much kind stranger for the Gold, first award ever in 90k karma!
.
I’m getting laid off and my last day is Halloween. We’re allowed to wear costumes at work, so I am going as a homeless person
The higher ups decided my position was not necessary, so I got cut. I’m pretty terrified, but trying to stay positive. Humour is a coping mechanism right? 

So I’ll be going as a homeless person, complete with a hobo stick, cardboard sign, and 5 o’clock shadow. Any other ideas? Maybe I’ll get a tin can and donate the proceeds to the local shelter? Maybe too much. 




Edit:
Wow, came home from said job, opened up Reddit and holy poop. Thank you for your kind words and empathy, and for your comments that made me laugh on an otherwise shitty day. 


To everyone who is in a similar position to me, I hope that new doors and opportunities open up for you, and that you have friends & family to support you. After a particularly bad year, this quote from Bojack Horseman getting me through it all:


“Okay. Carolyn, you are the star of a movie. This is the part of the movie where you get your heart broken. Where the world tests you, and people treat you like shit. But it has to happen this way. Otherwise, the end of the movie, when you get everything you want, won’t feel as rewarding. There are assholes out there, but in the end, they don’t matter. Because this movie’s not about them. It’s never been about them.”
“All this time, the movie’s been about you.”

Bleep bop bloop beep bleep. Thanks again everyone for making me smile :)
.
I was recently told that the man I donated stem cells to has made a full recovery from leukemia.
This is most likely the biggest achievement in my 24 years on this planet. Just knowing that I could make a difference for someone out there. Feelsgoodman
.
After two years living in "the bad neighborhood" I've overcome some prejudices I didn't know I had.
My gf and I were both living off our savings while looking for a rental, which opened us up to living in areas we might not have otherwise considered. We found a massive, beautiful, recently remodeled townhouse well within our budget and half a mile from the office I had just gotten hired at. 

We had both mostly lived in middle-class suburbs before. The week we moved in, there was a murder at the gas station located at the entrance of our neighborhood. This area was always "the bad part of town" in my mind and in the minds of my peers. When people asked where we lived, we named the interstate exit and never our street. 

The first week I lived there, I was considering putting bars on the lower level windows. I nearly jumped out of my skin one night when I heard footsteps in the woods behind the house. I was almost ready to run inside to grab a knife when a fat, trash eating possum waddled by. "Phew! I thought you might be a crackhead," I'll never admit to thinking. 

After two years, I've come to realize that I don't live in a bad neighborhood. It's just a not-mostly-white and low-income neighborhood. I have neighbors of every color and we all wave at each other, talk, laugh, and get along. 

If I forget to take my trash out on trash day, my next door neighbor often does it for me. That shit never happened in the suburbs. There's a stray cat that has gained about 5 kitty pounds recently because me and both the houses next to me have been feeding the little shit. That's pretty cool and neighborly. 

Last Friday my gf and I were out back at 3am. We heard a rustling in the woods. Soon after a tall, shadowy figure of a black man appeared. No panic was felt. I have since learned that it could be a possum or it could be a homeless person. I've had many nights where a homeless person comes walking through the woods and we get to talking and hanging out. Sometimes I share my booze with them, sometimes I share some food, and on a couple occasions I give them a blanket and let them sleep on my lawn chair. So when a shadowy figure of a black man appeared at 3am, I didn't panic. Instead I called out, "hey, Too Tall? That you?!" It was him. 

So, the prejudice I have overcome isn't color based like you might have assumed. It was class based. I no longer immediately equate low income with dangerous and ignorant. 

This might be a little heavy for this sub, but I can't think of a better place to talk about this without it turning into a shit show. So, please, share your thoughts. I just renewed my lease another two years. 
.
Today I found out my house spider Tom cheated on me.
So several time ago I found a spider (which was actually a daddy long legs) hanging under the handrail in my room. I usually hate spiders, but instead of giving in to my hatred or saving him, I thought it would be pretty cool to have a SpiderBro hangin around in my apartment. Thus, I decided to keep him and name him Tom.

This is where the drama started. He was shy at first, and his webskills were "not the best" (which is a blatant euphemism). Also, I don't think he was the smartest of his kind, since he was hangin in a place that probably wouldn't catch a lot. As I already connected with him on a super deep level and wanted to show him how much I care, I threw some moths (which I hate passionately) into his lousy excuse of a web. After some time, he turned to my gifts, and I was content that I could contribute to his happiness with my love.

The next morning I found the moths on the floor. Confused and ignoring the obvious red flag, I threw them into his web again. In addition to that and some point later, I killed a wasp without squishing it too much, and it took me several attempts to make it stick in those few threads he could manage to tangle up. As I said, his webskills sucked. Again he turned to it at some point and I found joy seeing how he sucked the life out of that dude.

However, the next morning, the wasp was lying on the floor. This is where I should have drawn the line. The second red flag. Instead, I took some attempts to give it back, which was not easy, since Tom is a complete imbecile. I tended to my business as usual afterwards and carefully touched the wasp from time to time to let him know that he can eat again.

The next morning he was gone. Just gone. Nothing. Not even weaving me goodbye. I was pretty sad but thought he probably needed something else in his life. So I moved on, as hard as it was.

Today I chilled on my balcony, reminiscing about my life choices. And guess who I found, just on the other side of the window. Yes. A daddy long legs, hangin around innocently in the corner of the other side of the handrail. Just outside.

I feel betrayed. Heartbroken. There he was. I knew it could only be him, since his web has caught less than the amount of fucks everybody gave about him before I took him in. I guess he needed to move on.

Fuck you Tom. I hope all you catch is low protein.

PS: I rested my head next to him while sitting outside to show him I still exist in the whole magnificence of my passive aggression, but he just ignored me. Fuck you, Tom.

&nbsp;

Edit: Silver? I will vigorously flaunt these newfound riches to let Tom know that he could have been part of great wealth! Thank you kind stranger!

&nbsp;

Edit 2: That's my first gold, good gracious, thank you! I think Tom starts to realize what he's missing out on, cause I just checked on him and he was all upside-down.

&nbsp;

Update: After waking up today, I felt strangely free. Your support really helped me in these dark times, and I think I've reached the point where I can say: I'm over you, Tom. When I checked on him this morning, I felt like a survivor. 
Also, yesterday I saw a silverfish. He was even more shy than Tom and almost instantly tried to hide, which was kind of cute. Who knows what happens. Keeping it casual this time.
.
I know Fergie probably isn't a Redditor, but just in case she sees this:
Yes, her rendition of the National Anthem was... not great. But I feel like the people of the internet forget celebrities are people, too, and they're being really harsh.


There was a Reddit confession from am anonymous A-lister a few months ago where the gal talked about reading through the malicious comments about her on social media and getting more and more depressed. The post was eventually locked because people kept trying to guess who she was. (Many people seem to think it was Kim Kardashian.)


That post really hit me, because she was venting that she was so depressed because of this internet bullying that the only reason she hadn't committed suicide was because of her family and kids.


So, not knowing where else to post this, I just wanted to say that while Fergie may not have done a great job singing the anthem, she's still a human being with real emotions. People need to take a chillaxative and quit being so harsh over something so relatively inconsequential.

Just because someone is famous, or just because you've never met them, doesn't make it any less serious or hateful to bash on them. It's still bullying.

I guess I'm just venting because people *reeaally* like to jump on the bashing bandwagon and I'm sick of it. That is all.


 **Edit:** Hello, all. This definitely got more of a response than I was expecting, and while I'd love to respond to everyone, I have some things to do, so in a mass response to everyone:

- Thank you to all the lovely people who took part in this post, whether for or against this opinion. I'm happy this started a good discussion.

- I understand that it's Fergie's job to sing and whatnot, but someone doing a bad job at something almost never justifies treating them like garbage. (Unless someone started a nuclear war or killed an entire family or something; by all means, rip away at 'em.) As with everything in life, there is definitely a gray area, and you are more than welcome to have a differing opinion - I just don't want to be a person that adds any more heartache to the world than necessary. There is already enough of that.

- Obligatory "Thanks for the gold, kind stranger!"

Okay, that's all I've got for now. Have a nice day, everybody.


**Edit 2:** Okay, I know I have stuff to do, but lots of people are commenting stuff along the lines of, "Well, she gets paid a lot of money, so it doesn't really matter."

Well, here's my reply I made to one of those commenters:

>Well, I can agree that her life is definitely financially easier than the majority of our lives. 

>However, there's a reason the phrase "money can't buy happiness" exists.

>Money solves the physical problems - better healthcare, better food, better clothes, better cars, and so on.

>Still, while the "landscape" is different, the base problems are still the same - fear of death, humiliation, depression, jealousy, frustration, et cetera.

>That's what makes us human - those feelings, those fears, those desires.

>All I'm saying is, let's not forget that people like her are people, too. The entertainment industry, while financially lucrative, is extremely emotionally taxing.


.
I adopted a teenage boy update.
Hello, my name is Jack. I'm sorry I haven't updated in 2 months. I am a 50 year old man who was never able to conceive with my wife. We really wanted to adopt but were unable to due to financial issues until recently. 



As you may know [we adopted a 15 year old boy named Jonathan.](https://www.reddit.com/r/CasualConversation/comments/74x3rq/i_adopted_a_teenage_boy/) He has been dealing with depression, anxiety, anger issues, PTSD, and an eating disorder. 


So what's changed since two months ago when we had recently adopted him? 


For starters, Jonathan was kicked out of yet another school quickly for fighting (the school he had been in before we adopted him but only for like a couple months) so we decided to put Jonathan in a special school for troubled youth. 


Although it's a very slow process and he still skips class and gets in fights this school is definitely doing some good. They focus on how to fit into the world, mental health, anger management, all stuff relevant to Jonathan's life.


Jonathan still smokes. I found text messages on his phone between him and another boy about a drug transaction. The drug in question was oxycodone. I asked him (in a pub casually so that he felt relaxed and not pressured) why he wanted this drug; opiates, while providing pain relief, can be very addictive and dangerous.


 He basically told me that his pain and trauma are bigger than anything pot and cigarettes could help with. I told him its a very bad idea to buy opiates off the street and if he is looking for help all he needs to do is ask and we will try to help best we can. So, I scheduled an appointment with the doctor. He agreed not to go through with the transaction so I told him I was proud of him and I swear he smiled a little bit.


As you may of remembered, Jonathan since meeting him has been extremely aggressive. I was prepared to take this on since the moment I met him as I am much taller and bigger than him. I was, however, a bit afraid for my wife. Well, Jonathan has thrown things at me and attempted to hit me and such many, many times since I met him but he has never tried to hurt my wife at all and for that I see he is a good boy and he can live a normal, happy life eventually if he can get passed all the trauma in his life.


Well I signed him up for boxing early on and gave him a punching bag and that helped at the beginning, although he was still very aggressive. Lot's of these issues that come with adopted children take nothing but time and care and support to resolve and two months later Jonathan, while still aggressive, is getting better every day. 



In the two months since I originally posted, he has stopped freaking out every day. He still gets mad everyday but not freak out-throw things-scream mad, just mad. The freakouts i'd say come about once a week now which is a huge improvement.



We still go to the pub once a week which he has always really enjoyed. I think one of the things with Jonathan is he likes to be treated as an equal. 


Jonathan speaks more than he used to. This is a great achievement because in my orignal post he just got angry or was silent but in these past two months he has started to speak more. Sometimes just random things like 'have you read this article in the newspaper'. 


It's a slow process but it's really awesome seeing Jonathan progress further and further as time goes on. I believe he can get through this all and move towards a bright future.



Edit: I forgot to mention the eating. Yeah, it is still as much of a challenge to get Jonathan to eat as it was 2 months ago when I made the original post unfortunately. 
.
I learned about "TL;DR" from reddit and used it in a really long work email, now everyone in the company is doing it too.
A couple weeks ago, I had to send a super long email to our president explaining a situation that happened at work. It was super thorough and had lots of attachments and numbers and other boring stuff. He's a super busy dude and assuming he wanted to know what happened and involve who he need to who would review the finer points, so I added a "TL;DR" and put the quick, two-sentence synopsis at the end.

A couple hours go by and he calls me and ask what the heck "tillder" means. I explained that because the email was so long, I added the short "too long; didn't read" for him so he'd get the picture without having to read the entire narrative. He thought it was awesome and ended up forwarding the email to the entire company explaining "tillder" and now everyone is using it.

TL;DR: I sent the company president an email with "TL;DR" in it and he thought it was cool and now everyone else uses it.
.
Hi today I turn 18 and everybody forgot
Pretty much the title, everybody forgot my 18th birthday, my family/friends everyone. It would really help if you all shared your worst birthday stories to top mine.  
Edit : I am reading each and every story but its taking me some time, so pls dont mind if I dont reply to you but remember I have read your comment.
.
Yesterday I went to a kids birthday party.. And was shocked that I was the only one who came.
For context, I'm 20 and he just turned 13. We know eachother through our parents. We usually play minecraft or other games when he's over. He's hyperactive and goes to a special school.
At first, I didn't want to stay long, mostly because I thought there would be friends his age. I was shocked when he told me that all his friends cancelled at the last moment, so I decided to stay and play games with him till late night. I could tell that he was quite happy that I came.

I don't regret going now. I can't imagine him having to blow the birthday candles alone.

EDIT: Thank you all for your wonderfull comments.
.
I kissed my best friend last night and I couldn't be happier.
I've known this girl for a couple years now and we've always been really close. We met in residence in our first year of university and now in our third I live right across the street from her, so we see each other everyday. I've never been closer/more open with anyone else, but I never imagined her in a romantic context (even though everyone who knows us has told me we should date). Well, I did, but wouldn't admit it to myself.

Anyway, she recently broke up with her long-term boyfriend and since then we've been spending even more time together. I sorta took notice but didn't do or say anything different because I didn't imagine she thought of me that way and also she just got out of a break-up, so obviously she just wants company. 

But last night coming home from bar trivia she comes over as she normally does to have another drink and listen to music. We're both half-falling asleep and half-cuddling when she puts on this song that I absolutely love. Something just clicked in my head then and I lean in to kiss her.

Turns out we've both been crushing on each other for years. We stayed up all night laughing at ourselves in between kisses. It's fantastic feeling, being with a girl you already know you love. I've been smiling all day and I just had to tell someone. 

Thanks for hearing me out, reddit. Sending good vibes your way. 


**Edit** Thank you all for the well wishes and support. I'm glad that you can enjoy this as much as I am (well, probably not as much as me, but in the neighborhood). You guys are the best. 

**Edit 2** Gold! Thank you very much, stranger. Super happy that this story brightened people's days and got them to reminisce. It makes a great feeling even better. 
.
I won 8 figures in the lottery.
(Not the powerball. It's low 8 figures but still life-changing) .  

A few months ago I was at a gas station to fill up my car and bought a few groceries in their shop. I remember the total was just under $10 so I thought I'd take a single quick pick to avoid getting back the small change.   

Fast forward to this week, I'm about to sell my car and  get my belongings out of it. I check the sun visor and see the lotto ticket I had already forgotten about tucked in behind some other receipts.   

Checked the ticket online, entered the number and there it was, all numbers correct.  This happened on Tuesday evening, I called the lottery on Wednesday - the wait for their hotline to open in the morning was the longest time ever - to confirm that my ticket was indeed the winner. Haven't left the house in three days and barely slept - I look like a drug addict now lol.    
Today they sent over a representative to collect the ticket. Now it's confirmed, even if the rep loses it, they still have to pay out.   

I have no real friends so the only people I told is my immediate family. Both my mom and my dad had a less than stellar upbringing and parenting and we have no contact with our shitty extended family for a variety of reasons.   
 
They always stuck by my side and supported me even when I fucked up and disappointed them. They were/are the best parents I could imagine and now it's finally time to give back.      

I opted for a self-imposed 'cooldown' period for a couple of weeks until the winnings are paid so as to figure out what do do exactly and how to proceed.   
I don't plan on telling anyone else besides my parents and my sibling.       

**EDIT:**    
Wow thanks for the platinum, gold & silver guys I have to admit I'm honestly floored right now, I can't stop smiling. Not because of the win but because of all the positivity, the nice replies and the encouragements.   
I initially didn't want to post on reddit because I felt it was braggy and in your face.   
I genuinely just wanted to share this because - as I said - I don't really have anyone to talk about this besides my immediate family.   
Anyways, I'm glad I did and thanks for all the heartfelt messages - this community is really awesome :D    
   

**EDIT 2:**     
After this took off I want to add some clarifications because it has been brought up numerous times.    
I'll collect the winnings anonymously, I'm already aware of the tax cut and I will get fiduciary advisors.   
I have set up a couple of meetings with different banks and law/investment firms that specialize in wealth management, generational wealth, setting up trusts and all that. All of them work independently from each other and thus have no conflict of interest.     






.
Just got accepted onto a PhD programme and have no one to tell
I’m usually really hard on myself so I’m struggling to recognise the hard work that’s gone into getting this far. It would be nice for someone to say they’re proud of me I guess

Edit: thank you so so SO much everyone, this response has been incredible! I’m trying my best to read and reply to everyone because it really does mean the world to me but they’re coming in faster than I can type (which is fantastic!). Thank you all!
.
My 17 year old son made me so proud today. We've been struggling financially this year and his school clothing budget was half of what it would usually be. I was feeling really bad about it, but...
He checked all the sales, even going back and forth to different stores to compare prices. He got everything he needed, and saved a small portion so we could have lunch together after. When I apologized for not being able to afford as much this year, he cracked a joke, then said "Mom, I see how hard you and Dad are trying. I'm thankful for what you were able to give me and just wish I could help out." We had such a nice day together, I went from feeling awful and like a shit parent to feeling so proud and loved.
.
I cried last night after my sister told me that our friend’s daughter talked about me all day because I played with her in the pool
I’ve never held a child in my life - I’m always afraid that I’m going to do something wrong, like pick them up too fast or drop them. I’m not sure where this fear originated but it’s so severe, I haven’t ever played with kids (except when I was a kid, obviously). Also, my own childhood was rocky so I’ve never really trusted myself to be able to handle something as important and precious as a child.

Two days ago, an old friend of mine and her husband brought their daughter to our apartment complex to swim. Their daughter is only 3 years old and I kept my distance for a while. Then she wanted me to catch her as she jumped (very small height from a concrete step inside the pool). I couldn’t say no so I just made myself catch her. 

We spent hours in that pool and she just kept… trusting me, 100%. I even had her grab onto my shoulders and I swam across the top of the water with her. It was endlessly fun and I felt just full of this childhood joy I haven’t felt in so long. 

Yesterday, my sister tells me that our friend’s husband had sent her a message on Facebook. He told her that their daughter had so much fun and couldn’t stop talking about us, but especially me. Me! I’m tearing up just writing this. I just have this whole new outlook on life now for some reason and I can’t stop smiling about it.

EDIT: Um, wow! I went to sleep with around 10 upvotes and y’all skyrocketed this to nearly 10,000! So many comments, too 😅 I’m going to try my hardest to reply to each and every one of you! Also, I know Reddit gets annoyed by this, but I really do want to thank those who gave me silver / gold. I totally didn’t anticipate this, but wow!
.
I just learned what "see you" "not if I see you first" means
I feel stupid. I always thought it was just kind of a joke. But I was watching Downton Abbey and it was used in what i now realize is the actual meaning. If A says "see you" and B says "not if I see you first", B is implying that upon seeing A, B will get the hell out of there so they wont have to interact.

Is this common knowledge that I was just a total idiot in missing?

Edit: okay good, I definitely wasn't the only person who didn't realize this
.
I get A LOT of calls from older people thinking I’m AT&T. It annoyed me at first, but now it’s one of my favorite things.
I have had my same cell number for 13 years. In the last two years, I have started to receive a ton of calls asking to speak to customer service/AT&T. In the beginning, I was super annoyed and I thought someone was prank calling me. I started to pay attention to the calls and I realized that it was always senior citizens (but never the same one). 

One day a lady left a lengthy voicemail for her doctor. She shared a lot of information and she desperately needed a reply. I felt horrible for her, so I called her back. I wanted her to know that she had called the wrong number. I did not want her to be waiting for a reply from her doctor that would never come (assuming that was the only call she made). She told me about how her husband had recently died and how he had been “the one who knew how to use the Internet.” She told me she was using a phone book from the 90s and it was very hard to read, even with her glasses. So I looked up her doctor’s number and sent her on her way. She was very grateful and it made me feel happy to help her. 

When the next call came, I did the same thing. I explained to this man that I didn’t work for AT&T, but I could give him the correct number. He thanked me and we had a casual conversation about how technology has changed so much in his lifetime. He told me about his childhood and that if someone had told him at age 10 that he’d be carrying a computer around in his hand someday, he would have punched them in the nose. Firstly because he didn’t know what a computer was, and, secondly, because, “that’s impossible.”  

I’ve continued to answer the calls and I’ve done the most random stuff for people. I’ve helped them order pizza online, I’ve looked up numbers for them, I’ve given restaurant recommendations based off my experiences and other experiences on Yelp, etc. Every single one of these people have been grateful for the help, and they’ve always wanted to chat a little longer. 

A lot of them have told me that once you get older, people don’t visit as much. They said they lose a lot of people, they become immobile, and the younger folks in their lives don’t have time to come see them as often as they would like. Because of this weird glitch, I have started a tradition of taking my kid to senior living homes every Christmas. We bake cookies, we spend the day there just chatting with folks, and then we go about our day. It’s not nearly enough, but I feel like we make a tiny difference. When he gets older and isn’t such a handful (not a toddler), I hope we can visit more often. 

My husband and I have done research to find what number these people are trying to call, but we haven’t found anything close. Neither has AT&T. It’s a mystery, but I’ll keep answering my calls. I love it.

Tl;dr: I get a lot of phone calls from random senior citizens who think they’re dialing AT&T’s customer service line. I used to get mad, but now I answer and help them however I can. It’s become one of my very favorite things. 

Edit: HOLY COW! I had no clue this would blow up like it did. Thank you so much for the gold, kind strangers! And thank you to everyone who stopped by and read my post. I wrote it last night when I couldn’t fall asleep, and I really never expected anyone to read it, haha. I’m trying to go through and reply to everyone. After all, I came for some casual conversation - it’s just taking me a little longer than I expected. You guys are great, I love your stories, please keep sharing them! My heart is so full today.

PS I feel like I should take the time to really encourage you to visit a local nursing home or call your older loved ones. There are so many wonderful people there and they’re full of so much information. It’s like talking to a real life history book. I promise you won’t regret it!

Have a super day, Reddit!

Edit 2: Wowza. I am so grateful for everyone sharing their stories with me. I’m trying to reply to everyone, but I’m just not as fast as you guys. I’ll keep replying, but it might take me a little while. I’ve got a toddler and he’s not understanding how cool this is! He’d rather just play cars. Thanks again for the gold and silver, kind strangers! You guys are the best. 
.
This Year For Halloween, Please Be Considerate To Teenagers Out Trick-Or-Treating
Hello, I’m Phoenix and I’m 16 years old. I will be trick or treating this year as I do every year because I love doing it, love candy, and love chaperoning for my younger siblings. 


In the past two years when I’ve gone trick or treating, I’ve always gotten the side eye or some adults telling me I was too old to be out. Not in a joking way either- just telling me I had no business being out trick or treating. 


I’m on the shorter side and depending on lighting I can look older or younger than I am. I’ve had many people tell me I look older than I am and some people telling me I look younger. But that’s not my point.


You never know why someone is out trick or treating. You never know if it’s their favorite holiday, if their home life is stable, if they’re chaperoning, if they’ve had anything to eat that day, etc etc. 


So please, if you buy candy to give out for trick or treaters, be prepared to give it to anyone who comes to your door in costume and saying trick or treat. I don’t care if it’s a four year old or a grown adult. It’s one night of the year and typically lasts from anywhere from two to four hours. 


I’m not asking you to go out and buy the whole supermarket. Just buy what you want and give it to whoever. I’m also not asking you to give entire buckets to people. Just be considerate - who cares if a teenager comes to your door? They could be out drinking or smoking, as is what Happens at most Halloween parties. Instead they’re doing something harmless and safe. 


You don’t have to be extremely kind, but please be *considerate*. 


Thank you, and have a wonderful Halloween.
.
My dad drove four hours from NYC to Boston to deliver me soup because I had a bad day
I found out that my job’s contract will not be renewed for next year on Friday. It was a wild year with a crazy admin who makes a lot of cuts so while it wasn’t the biggest surprise, it was still upsetting. Ended up crying to both parents on the phone, mostly my mom. Towards the end I said something like “ugh, I really want Panera soup, but they don’t deliver and I cannot fathom driving 20 minutes there and back right now.” (It was a long day for multiple reasons, and I love Panera‘s creamy tomato soup as comfort food that fits my gluten free needs!) I ordered other food that night and thought I’d treat myself to soup another day.

Saturday at around 1 PM I get a call. “Hey, it’s Dad. I know I should have called to make sure it was okay, but I’m here. Outside of your apartment building. I picked up some Panera but I’m happy to drop it off and leave. I just know you wanted soup.”

I obviously welcomed him upstairs and he stayed the night. Turns out his plan was to drop it off with my doorman, and text me saying he ordered it from Panera and paid an extra $15 for them to make the delivery, so I would have never known he made the drive.

His plan was literally to drive a combined 8+ hours from NYC to Boston and back just to drop off soup and a salad. Because his daughter had a bad day.

My dad rocks.

Edit: thanks for all the love, kind comments, and anecdotes! Totally didn’t expect this to blow up. Made my night to read all of these messages. I teared up at some of your stories. Much love to you all.
.
Dude I'm literally just sitting in my bed with a huge loaf of bread and it's great.
Idk I'm just kinda sitting here and having occasional bites of bread. It's pretty great. I'm also on vacation in North Carolina  and I could go out swimming in my pool but I'm just eating some bread and chilling.

&#x200B;

Edit: just to clarify, this aint no normal bread. This things huge at least a 1 foot 1/2

&#x200B;

Update: I'm half way through eating it.

&#x200B;

Update 2: I have about 5 bites left thought it was appropriate to update. more like 10 but im still close. OK so I WAYY underestimated the amount of bites here it might actually be a little bit.

&#x200B;

Update 3: I am currently on the last bite of bread. It warms my heart that all you guys came to talk, thank you all.

&#x200B;

Update 4: I'm done eating it now, again it warms my heart you all came to talk and listen to my ramblings. It has been a crazy ride my comrades, dasvidaniya!

&#x200B;

Update 7: im trying to upvote everyone because you all cared enough to make a comment

&#x200B;

Update 8: Aight im gonna be gon for like 30 minute behave please

&#x200B;

Update 9: wow i was gone for like an hour i cant believe so many people upvoted my post and several hundred people cared to comment! thank you!!

&#x200B;

Update 10: hi again im sorry for the excessive amount of updates but i just wanna say thanks for talking to me everyone

&#x200B;

update 11: honestly i thought this was just gonna die in new but now i met all these great people, thanks reddit

&#x200B;

update 12: ok wow, thats a lot of people

&#x200B;

update: ok guys please stop giving me things i was literally eating a loaf of bread this has gone too far

&#x200B;

update: not my video but watch it now  [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zZkSyg0X3Pw](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zZkSyg0X3Pw)
.
Today on the bus there was a transgender woman and a lady literally moved seats to not have to sit next to her. So I moved seats to sit next to her. She realized that woman moved seats to avoid her and I could tell she was hurt.
I try to avoid people mostly and don’t talk to anyone much but she was sweet and it blew my mind the close mindedness that still exists and the rude af behavior of people. Just be nice damnit we are all human regardless of what we look like or how we identify.

UPDATE: I just saw her AGAIN at the bus plaza and she gave me hugs and was talking about her day 😆
She was in a great mood, happy she just got some cute shoes at goodwill. Sparkly little sandals
.
My dad gave me the nicest compliment I've ever received.
We were talking about careers, and I told him that I'm not too sure about what I want to do, although I do know that I want to do something that makes the world a better place in some way. My dad, ever thoughtful, paused and responded: "I don't think you should worry about that too much. You already make the world a better place just by being you." 

I love my dad.
.
Today, a man was drinking and blaring his vulgar music on a portable speaker in a packed train and I worked up the courage to ask him to stop that
Which sounds like nothing, but if you've ever been on public transport, you'll know that everyone just tries to avoid causing trouble for themselves by awkwardly/begrudgingly putting up with disruptions.

However, this was wayyy too loud and too vulgar to ignore (was some super trashy and crude rap music). I decided to stop introverting and plucked up the courage to ask him politely to turn his music down.

He swore at me and walked off at the next stop and I thanked him for that, to which he threatened me to watch my back.

I don't care about empty threats and am just proud I did something like that and just wanted to share somewhere. Thanks for reading.

Edit: This, uh, blew up........ thank you for the gold kind strangers!
.
Why is everyone on reddit so rude?
I know it's not literally everyone on reddit but almost every community I go to is full of either rude, harsh, condescending, overly sarcastic/sardonic, exceedingly crass etc comments even about the most innocuous of topics. I don't get it. And I don't think it's just internet anonymity, because having been to many other forums for many various things on the internet, (granted not as large as reddit) and none have this problem. People on other forums still speak as kindly and civilly as they would irl, and they're just as anonymous. It's something different with reddit.

It just feels refreshing to see people engaging kindly with each other here.
.
I just realized that ftfy meant “fixed that for you” and not “fuck that fuck you”
My mind is blown 
Edit: okay well apparently everyone else got it wrong too so

Ftfy 
.
My mom is currently going off on my dad in Spanish. He bought and smoked/is smoking 200 slabs of ribs and a new smoker. It’s hilarious. My dad always goes way overboard with shit like this.
We’re supposed to invite a few neighbors and friends over to eat BBQ tonight. This would be like 50 people including kids and babies AT MOST. Dad apparently spent $3800 on the extra smoker, pans, seasonings, and the ribs themselves. 

He’s like a puppy who peed on the carpet because he knows this was stupid but he’s in too deep now and has to finish cooking the ribs. It’s hilarious because he has this embarrassed little smile on his face and my mother is storming through the house going off on him in Spanish. 


There’s so many ribs I can’t stop laughing. Now he keeps saying he’ll load up the truck and give them to hungry homeless people but my mom knows he’s trying to get in her good graces so she said, “that wasn’t your original plan!” And stormed off again 😂😂

My dad has a history of doing this. He got into woodworking a few years ago and currently has like 20 or so projects at various stages of completion.

I went out to his shop one day a few months back and he was surrounded by sawdust and wood and half done projects. At first it was just quiet because I was surprised at the mess and then he said, “I may have gone overboard with woodworking.”

I love my dad he’s so lovably oafish with certain things. 


**EDIT: if anyone is somewhat near KC, MO and is seriously wanting some ribs, message me. Seriously. We need to get rid of this stuff because we’d need another freezer to store it all lol. This message is approved by my father.**
.
I ran my first 5k but my family wasn't happy for me
So I went to the gym today, I've been a weight lifter for years now and recently just got into cardio.  I got hooked on running and bought some cheap running shoes to try it out before I wanted to commit 100%.  Turns out I like it a whole lot!

I've never done cardio in my life beforehand, just some light boxing and jumping rope but never anything to push myself further.  I've been concerned that my body fat is getting high, I have a bulky build and I'm over the physique.  I wanted to make a change and slim down.  

I walk in the door and I say "I ran my first 5k today!"  My mom looked at me then turned her head away, and my brother and dad didn't even say hi or look in my direction, they blew me off.  My mom brushed me off and said "I do 5 miles on the elyptical".  She doesn't understand that a 5k isnt even 5 miles, it's 3.1 miles.  Also, she doesn't put any resistance when she does it either.  I felt like I set a goal and challenged myself and completed it.

Well here I am, alone in my room after sweating my ass off, so I just wanted to tell reddit I ran my first 5K today and I've never been more proud of myself in years!

Edit:  I want to thank you all for the kind words and replies tonight, I posted this and didn't think it would get nearly this much attention and I'm truly anazed how you guys came together to congratulate me on this accomplishment of mine.  I'm so happy I could share this with you all and I'm more than grateful you returned that happiness with your kind words.  You're all great.  I've read every single comment.

Edit:  Talked with the family, they apologized and wasn't aware how it came off to me.  They were sincerely sorry and didn't understand that I felt happy about my small accomplishment and didn't know I was upset afterwards.  Everything is mended.
.
I hugged the pizza delivery guy. Because he needed it.
So, I ordered a pizza for my wife and myself.  Pretty standard fare.  Delivery guy shows up, it's the wrong order.

Pizza guy was a kid, maybe 20 years old, more likely 18 or 19.   He apologized and left with a glum look on his face.  About twenty minutes later he showed back up with my order and he just looked defeated.  Initially I had planned to give him a 20 and let him keep the change for the tip, but they discounted the order and it was just shy of 10 bucks.  There was a ten spot sitting on the hutch by the front door so I just handed him that and asked him to hang on a second because I knew I have fives in my wallet in the other room.  But I guess he just assumed he wasn't getting a tip when I walked away from the door with the pizza.

The kid walked back to his car while I wasn't looking, I guess he figured he was out of a tip.  I go back to the door and see the kid getting into his car on the street.  So I walk up the drive to the street and wave him back.

"Hey! You're tryin' to leave without your tip!" I yelled to him, but he couldn't really hear me from inside the car so he got out and met me at the top of the drive.  He asks, "Oh, was something else the matter?"

Instead of answering his question I asked him, "What's got you so glum, son?"  Keep in mind, I'm a big guy, with a beard, and a belly and I wear Bermuda shorts in the middle of Texas.  Think Urban Grizzly Adams but a little angrier looking.

The kid was obviously surprised by my question.  But he answered honestly and told me, "I'm from *a small town* East of *this major city* and it's my first month here and it's been a rough couple of weeks."  So, I asked him to go on.

He went on to tell me he missed his parents and his friends, but he was dedicated to his schooling and that it was necessary for him at the time being.  And I said to him, "That's it?" and just kinda left the question floating between us and that's when he says to me, "Well, my boyfriend also broke with me and it's been really tough."  Then he had this look of mortification on his face when he, I guess, realized he just outed himself to a stranger that he didn't know from Adam.

I looked at him and said, "Oh, man, that's rough.  Well, here, you were trying to leave without your tip."

As I was handing him the cash, I said, "C'mere man.", and opened my arms up for a hug.  This kid just threw his face into my chest and hugged me back so hard that I knew in that moment it was the right thing to do.

When the hug ended, not too long, not too short, I held onto his shoulders, looked him in the eyes and told him, "It's going to be okay.  You're young, and feelings can be overwhelming, but keep your chin up and your nose in the books.  Ten years from now you'll have forgotten about what-his-face and you'll be happier and more successful than you can imagine now, especially if you continue to be the honest person I think you are."  Or something like that.

All he said was, "Wow, thank you.", and I turned around and walked back down to my driveway.

[Today I found this on my door.](https://imgur.com/c4j8a)  I guess it meant more to him than I realized.

&#x200B;

&#x200B;

Has anyone else had any encounters like this?  I'd love to hear about it.

&#x200B;

Edit: Holy smokes, this thread blew up while I was sleeping!  I can't respond to everyone, but I am reading all the comments.  I'm glad my story touched so many of you.  Full disclosure, I'm by no means a perfect example of kindness, but I do my best.  My life has been plagued with violence and tragedy, but it's also had it's moments of pure love and joy.  It's those moments I live for.

I have learned, finally, to focus on the things in my life that helped me grow to be a better human being, it took me a long time. I'd like to think that's why this story happened, because I somehow grew into the man I hoped I would one day be.

I am real.  My life has been too real.

And this story is really real.  My wife and I were laughing about it last night before bed, I told her someone said I was trolling and she made some puns that were just... awful.  But I love her still.

Thank you all for your kind words and shared stories.  They all mean a lot to me, really.
.
I gave a guy CPR today
A man collapsed on the train I was travelling to school on this morning. When it happened he was about 10ft away from me. He just slumped onto the floor, and everyone else on the train just stood and looked but took no action. I remembered what I'd read about the bystander effect on Reddit and decided I needed to be the person to act, so I told a woman to call an ambulance and went over to the man on the floor.

He was wearing 5-6 coats (so I am assuming he was homeless) so I ripped them off and tried to find a pulse. After about 30 seconds another woman came over who said she was a nurse and she began talking to the paramedic on the phone while I tried to get a pulse. Couldn't find one so I began chest compressions and not long after the man started to groan and it seemed like he was breathing again. After it was confirmed he was breathing (but was still unconscious) the nurse and I put him in the recovery position and I waited with him till the ambulance came.

I'm only 17 so this was a pretty crazy experience for me. The adrenaline in my body afterwards was so strong I felt like I was on drugs. Sorry if this post was long or formatted badly (I'm on mobile) but I just thought it would be good to write about my experience.
.
Do you ever randomly catch a whiff of a specific smell and immediately think "hey, that's the way it smelled in the spring of 2001 when I was playing Pokemon at my grandma's house"
Obviously this specific memory is just an example but I feel like smells are very particular and can trigger a memory more vividly than any other sense. Also, everytime a new season begins and the smell of the air changes I become very nostalgic and have a rush of memories from that season from various different years.
.
Today my son went to the dentist and got a hair cut
Pretty mundane, right? Well, my dear boy (9) is autistic and while he is high functioning in his day to day life, unfamiliar enviroments can send him into a tailspin. Today was not that day! He got his teeth cleaned, got xrays, went into the 360° xray thing, and had the dentist poke around in his mouth with absolutely 0 problems, Also NO cavities!

Then I asked if he was okay with getting a hair cut and he gave me an enthusiastic "Yep!" I was worried that we were over doing it a tad but he sat through like a champ! The hair dresser even complemented him on his behavior.

After we were done with everything we went and got lunch and I told him how proud I was and he said "Sometimes you just have to power through the stuff you don't like." He looked empowered and confident.

Today was a good day. No tears. No fear. Just powering through the stuff. I'm so stinkin proud of my boy!
.
I've always secretly felt like I was in second place, not quite good enough. Until last night.
I'm 37 and single. I don't have any kids. My sister has a husband and 4 beautiful children. I've always thought it was my responsibility to be there for her, to help wherever I could. "It takes a village" is more than just a motto to me. I help watch the kids, be there financially or emotionally, or whatever is needed. That's just what family does. The kids come spend time at Aunt Lisa's house, hang out, play games, whatever. A few times a week I come over for dinner. I'm at all the soccer games, concerts, fund raisers, or school fairs. They're just part of my life. My sister tells me regularly that she couldn't do it without me. She's super grateful. But still, inside, I've never felt like I was on the same level as her. Like I didn't live up to what I could have been - a wife and mom - so this is the consolation prize. This is my second best place I could help the world. Until last night.

We were talking about Thanksgiving, having it at her place (obviously, since she has so many more people and more room). She said it was weird to think that in 20 years she would have grandkids. If each of the kids were married and had just 2 kids each, that would be another 12 people. She's just always made the assumption that would happen. But then for the first time ever she said - "but that's if they all choose to get married. If not, that's fine. If one of them doesn't, the others would have their own Aunt Lisa, and that's awesome."

Hearing that she thought that was ok for her kids made it all different. Being single and a helper wasn't just a second place fill-in, but an appreciated, important status. It made me feel valued, and I knew that my nieces and nephews would feel valued, no matter what their future holds.

Edit: Thank you all for your support, and for sharing your own stories below. It's amazing to hear how similar we are. Bloom where you are planted! I hope you all have a great day, and please keep commenting. :)
.
They say your late teens are the best time of your life. Actually I think 25 and upwards is the best. That's when you stop leading life to impress or please, and actually start doing things because you want to.
I used to be so scared of aging. Had some sort of mild existential crisis because I was growing old, my skin was getting older, my eyes weren't as youthful and full of energy as they used to be.

But I actually am really starting to feel alive only now that I am 25. I think it's around this time that you stop spending every minute obsessing what people think, how you are seen, how you look, what you do. And actually start making choices because you want to.

You decide who you really want to spend time with, how you want to pass your weekend, what music to listen to, how to dress, what hobbies to choose. It's the time where the peer pressure starts wearing off and you realize all the worries about how you are perceived are in your head.

I spend so many years worrying and agonizing over how I was perceived. Only now I am starting to enjoy my time and stopped being afraid of both time passing and how I decide to spend that time. I have accepted that I don't look super young anymore and that's okay. And that I might not be as full of energy as I was, but that's also okay.

&#x200B;

EDIT: I know, I know people who edit are losers. Just wanted to say, it's so cool to hear all of your experiences and different paths and hear from so many people that their life got steadily better as the decades pass :)
.
Today I saw an introvert trying to step out of his comfort zone
I work in a restaurant at the bar area, we can easily get 100+ reservations so it was a busy day. While I’m making some cocktails I notice this dude by himself looking rly uncomfortable, so after I finish I start to talk to him. He explained to me that he wanted to meet new people and that he is sick of being alone, I was rly impressed coz people like that usually accept it and find ways to enjoy being alone. We continue talking and I introduce him to some of my dailies that I know are rly chill. I have to go back to work so i dont talk to him for a couple of hours but when I look back he is sitting with 5 other people laughing, he looked like he was having the time of his life.
Good on you bro, keep at it!

If you ever feel this way, try doing the same thing he did. It will be a bit uncomfortable at first but when u meet a few people you will relax yourself.
.
Today, 7 years ago, I quit using heroin.
It was the hardest thing I've ever done in my life. I fell in with the wrong people and almost lost my life over it. All it took was using one time and I had to have it as much as possible. I spent my entire paychecks on it until I inevitably quit my job because it was too much to focus on working when all I wanted to do was go get high. I sold most of my belongings just to support my habit. I began stealing things and panhandling for more. I lost my car, and my place of living. I lost all of my friends and respect from my family. I eventually found myself staying in an abandoned house south of Chicago with 3 other addicts. Almost got kidnapped, and overdosed once. I finally had enough and moved in with family over 2 hours away and never looked back. Here I am 7 years later with no relapse in sight. For those of you out there struggling with addiction, it is possible to put it down and walk away. It's not easy, not at all, but it can definitely happen. With the right support, the will to change, and the dedication to stay with it, anything is possible.



[Edit]

Just went on break at work and saw how much traction this has gotten and I have to admit it almost brings me to tears. Thank you everyone for the support and the unbelievably kind words. Also, thank you kind strangers for my first golds and silvers! This means more to me than any of you could ever know! You just made today that much better!

[Edit 2]

Holy cow this post just keeps going! Thank you to everyone for the endless support and sharing your own stories with me, it's been an amazing experience. Thank you so much as well to the kind stranger who awarded me my first platinum! There has been so many sad stories out there of loved ones lost and my heart goes out to you. The same for those who have loved ones who are struggling right now and those that are struggling themselves. On the flip side, many have shared  their own sobriety which warms my heart. Too often we hear of the other outcome and it's always refrshing to hear of others making it out in one piece. I want to thank each one of you for taking time out of your day to celebrate with me, share with me, or ask for my advise. I'm definitely no expert when it comes to advice but I try my best. I hope that each one of you out there that isn't struggling with addiction never does, each person out there that is struggling with addiction finds sobriety, and each person who has found sobriety clings to it for dear life.
.
I lost my hand-holding "virginity" today.
I'm 16, male. My friend and I were at the mall together and she held out her hand and said, "Could you hold this?"  Confused, I took her hand, and BOOM, we were holding hands.  I was so surprised and so happy at the same time! I like her a lot.  :)

Then I realized that I was holding her hand backwards, so I switched hands. Oops. I've never had been in a relationship or anything, so this is just so new and exciting for me.  :)

E:  Awww, my first gold ever! Thank you so much <3
.
I had one of the most intimate experiences of my life, and it was just a conversation.
Last week I was sharing a hostel room with only one other person. He turned off the light to go to sleep, climbed into bed, and then started asking me questions about my life. We talked about our lives, our countries, his divorce, my future, politics, being a woman vs a man traveling, etc. None of it ever crossed the line or made me feel uncomfortable. 

We talked for hours, and I never even saw his face, since there was furniture between us and the lights were off. I think that helped us both be completely honest in our answers and emotions. It was just one of those experiences that will stick with me for a long time. 
.
Met a small girl who had a similar birth mark to mine and cried about it
I was getting ready to check out at the grocery store last week and I (26f) saw this little girl (7f) just kind of minding her own. She had a very timid / shy vibe and I for some reason kept looking at her. 


I realized she had almost the same birthmark that I did, almost in the exact same spot. So I go up to her and kind of squat down to her level and I asked 


“Excuse me miss....is that a birthmark?” 


I can see her father kind of prepare for something mean or rude to come out of my mouth. 


And she kind of whispered “....yeah” 


And I flipped my hair so fast and got super excited and said “OH MY GOSH WE ARE BASICALLY SOUL SISTERS LOOK I HAVE ONE TOO AND IVE ONLY MET ONE OTHER PERSON WITH THE SAME ONE. DO YOU BELIEVE HOW SPECIAL THIS IS? YOURS IS EVEN COOLER THAN MINE!” 


And I watched her face light up like it probably never did before, I saw myself in that little girl when I asked her if that was her birthmark. She was also preparing for me to say something mean. Kids used to tease me up and down over it. Now I hardly notice it but as soon as I got excited and got up close and showed her the left side of my face she was thinking it was cool instead of thinking it was existing to be teased about. 


Her dad stood behind her and mouthed “THANK. YOU” and made a heart with both of his hands and I left. I got to my car and cried. I hope nobody teases her. She had an astronaut toy and she could be in space one day. No need to hurt that brain.



EDIT: you guys! This was an awesome first day on Reddit! I didn’t expect this to blow up but I’m so glad it did! Thank you for letting me share my joy with you all. (I still don’t know what to do with the coins you guys gave me, or how to post a picture of my birthmark!)


DOUBLE EDIT: 


[birthmark pictures!](https://imgur.com/a/VJwafF9)
.
I love Americans, but I'm so sick of America being central to all the media I consume.

I'm not even just talking about the news. Every book I pick up, every show on Netflix, every movie is set in America. I'm just so bored of it. 

Like, what about the rest of Europe? Where's my superhero stories in France? How about some media that focuses on Norway's many folktales?

I'm an Aussie and I never see stories about Australia unless it's some Crocodile Dundee garbage.

I think I'm really frustrated with the lack of cultural variety in media tbh.

EDIT: Okay so to clear some things up, I watch a LOT of films, and yes I watch a lot of foreign stuff in subtitles. I'm sorry it's not clear, but I'm frustrated that the industry is so saturated in American media, not that foreign films don't exist.  A lot of people keep saying, 'just don't watch American stuff' but that's not my point. I'm sick of seeing the overall film industry as 'American media plus a little bit of everything else.'

I appreciate all the recommendations and there's been some really interesting stuff being recommend, and while that's appreciated, that wasn't the point of my post.

And yes, I know anime exits.

EDIT2: I love y'all (except for that random twat who sent me a DM saying I was racist to white people) I've done my best to answer as many of you as I could but it's 3:00am and I'm really tired. I'll get back to y'all in 9 hours.
.
Everybody Wins, You get an upvote.
Give yourself a pat on the back. You made it through yesterday and I just wanna give you a reason to keep going. Upvotes for everyone. Every comment gets one from me.

Thank You for the awards.

Update: I will eventually get to upvoting everyone.
- Alizsé
.
Hobby-based subreddits can be pretty elitist.
Whenever I subscribe to a hobby sub I end up unsubscribing soon after because there's always this mentality that if you're not sinking huge amounts of money into it, then you're doing something bad. I was subscribed to /r/woodworking a few years ago and posted pictures of a wooden box I was making for my then-girlfriend. It was made out of plywood I had laying around my house, and it looked nice. But I got a barrage of downvotes and people saying I didn't give a shit about my girlfriend because I wasn't using nice wood. Sorry, didn't mean to offend you by being broke. And I just unsubscribed from /r/vinyl because people were talking shit after I had the gall to admit I have a cheap record player that I'm ok with for now, until I can afford a better system. These people are sinking $1000 into a setup, and I'm sure it sounds fantastic, but I gotta buy groceries too haha.

Edit: I just started a subreddit called /r/brokehobbies for elitism-free hobbying. Check it out if you're interested! Shoutout to /u/selfassuredcarnivore for giving me the idea!
.
Never told anyone this but...
This is a bit embarrassing, but last winter in my city it was really, really cold. I was young and paying rent and not making a lot, but I'd just been given my tips for the week so I was downtown trying to get Christmas presents. I saw a homeless teenager lying on the sidewalk, and feeling the tips heavy in my pocket I pulled out a $20 bill and handed it to him. He stared at me and said "really?" And I laughed and told him to buy a blanket and kept walking. 
When I left I realized how dumb I was, because I knew it was likely he'd buy drugs or alcohol. However a small part of me thought there was a chance that he'd put it to good use. 
Anyways, the next week I saw the same guy with a brand new fluffy blanket over him. 
I didn't tell my family this or anyone else really because I feel so odd about handing someone $20 like that, especially since they know I'm tight on money myself! But I thought I'd share it here, maybe it'll brighten someone's day :)

Edit: thank you for the gold!! Now I need to figure out what to do with it :)

I'm not really understanding the hate. Even if I was a "karma whore", which I'm not, isn't this at least a break from all the sexual assault news and everything else that's happening? It was something that happened that I haven't told anyone, so I thought I'd post it here! :)

Also apparently I've been featured on r/humblebrag or whatever it's called. If it came across this way, I'm sorry. Like I said, I just wanted to share something positive! 
.
What’s a stereotype that you fit?
For example, I’m pretty old (Soon, I’ll be in my 60s) and I like to do old lady things like sewing and making little sweaters for my grand nieces and nephews. However I am also a  lesbian and I fit the stereotype of being more masculine. (I also really like flannel lol.) My wife on the other hand is very feminine so we sort of fit the stereotype of “femme + butch” lesbian couple. It works though! We are very happy 

I am also Mexican (born and raised here) and I love mariachi music and I love tacos! Lol but really who doesn’t like tacos?

What are some stereotypes you fit? 


Edit: This got a lot more responses then I thought it would! So I’ll add one more

My wife is Aztec, and she does loves corn, a little weed, dancing, ~~sacrificing her enemies to the gods~~, and some cleaning 

.
To the people that I walk by on the street: Thank you.

I’m a black dude who grew up in a very hostile and racist environment as a child, and today I have slight anxiety and identity issues, but I wanted to say:

Thank you to the women who don’t clutch their purses when I walk past.

Thank you to the people that hold the door open for me.

Thank you to the people who stand with me when bigotry and ignorance are thrown my way.

Thank you to the people that show me respect and kindness despite not knowing anything about me.

Thank you for being decent human beings despite the stigmas and stereotypes, it might seem trivial, but I didn’t experience these things as a child, and I’m happy to live in a world where I can simply exist, without sparking fear or hate in people’s hearts.

Sincerely, that one dude you didn’t even notice walking past you :)

EDIT: I never expected this much support and understanding, I’m very much moved by what I’ve seen today. Thank you, much love ❤️
.
I looked up an old friend and I'm shocked at what I found
When I was between the ages of 11 and 15 I attended an art camp in the summer for two weeks. I learned some great skills and met some awesome people. One of my friends (who I had a crush on) was a few years younger than me and we spent every day together. Even in the midst of my socially awkward phase, I was able to find a like-minded individual who enjoyed my company. But unfortunately this was shortly before the days of social media and we didn't keep in contact.

Tonight I was thinking about my past at camp. I remembered him and I wanted to type his name into google and see what popped up. I wasn't expecting anything. And to be honest I barely remembered what he looked like. All I knew was that he was African American and was from Detroit.

So I typed in his name and nothing came up. I then added Detroit along with his name and an article appeared. I clicked on it and I found him. I almost didn't recognize him at first but I knew it was him. And guess what? He got INSANELY good at art and his pieces are beautiful. He also won a $10,000 scholarship for his artwork towards college.

I'm so happy that he pursued his passion. I'm so happy that he stuck with it and didn't give up like I did. I'm so happy he won a scholarship towards college and is on his way to improving his life with something that he loves. I wish I could congratulate him and tell him how proud I am.

Edit: WOW, this blew up which I wasn’t expecting. Thanks for the pineapple friend! Happy I could provide a positive story for others to enjoy 🍍
.
I was reverse catfished on a date...
So, I used to watch that show "catfish" on MTV. Where people act as someone else on dating sites/Facebook and aren't who they really say they are. 
I was on Hinge (dating app) and started talking to a cute guy. We had great conversations and decided to meet up. When he showed up for dinner, he was WAYYYY more attractive than his pictures! He has lost about 45lbs since his pics on his profile and he is gorgeous! We laughed about how he reverse catfished me. We have now been dating 2 weeks and I REALLY REALLY like him. He is kind, caring, remembers little things I tell him and makes me laugh.

Just thought I'd share :)

Update:  1. Last night we went to a Rocketman themed costume contest and won! He made a great Elton and I made a great 1970s groupie!  2. No, this is 100% not an ad for Hinge. I had tried Tinder and Bumble before and didnt find what I was looking for. Downloaded Hinge and met Mr. Handsome Face 1 week later.  3. To all the haters saying women only care about looks, boooooooo. We have a super awesome connection, he makes me laugh, is patient and kind. THATS what matters to me. 4. Yes, I lost 120lbs so we bond over our weightloss journeys. I have sent the 2 page document that I used to shed the weight to several people today and would be happy to send it to anyone thats interested. :) Its just a list of "rules" and a list of what you can/cant eat. Please PM me if you're interested. 

Hope you all have a wonderful weekend!
.
A redditor fed me.
I dont remember his username, but I commented recently a joke about how I'd only eaten a pack of ramen that day. This incredibly generous soul wired me 20 dollars. He said how it would only be one meal. But it won't be. I'm gonna buy groceries with it. It'll probably feed me for nearly a week. I'm so incredibly grateful. 

What's the kindest thing a redditor has ever done for you?


EDIT:  its come to my attention that many people found the user who fed me: u/Allaboutfootball23 

Give him the gold.
.
Does anyone else think folding laundry is one of the most tedious and torturous household tasks??
Seriously, this is agonizing! Plus it takes for-fucking-EVER because I keep finding ways to get distracted because folding the actual laundry is so boring.

EDIT: wow I didn’t expect this to blow up so much! Hands down my most upvoted post ever, thanks guys 

EDIT 2: I should probably clarify that I originally worded this poorly; it’s really the entire act of folding/hanging/putting away laundry in general that I hate 


EDIT 3: Thank you so much for the silver!! 
.
Do you ever drive in the highway for a few hours and another car is in front or behind you going the same speed and when you or they finally go through an exit, you're just like "So long, partner"?
I drive 2 hours in the highway every few weeks and whenever I drive, there is always a car that I follow or they follow me and we never pass each other. When they finally go through an exit or I do, it feels like I just made a friend and makes me sad. Don't know if anyone does this or if it's just me.
.
I just witnessed a girl at the gym turn on the treadmill to the highest setting. She had both feet on the side of the machine while she was on her phone. She did that for about 30-40 minutes without ever running. Then, she left. It was the weirdest thing I've ever seen, what's your take on it?
I'm still puzzled, I don't know why she did that. 
.
Something incredible, yet rather bizarre, has just happened to me. I'm a bit flustered and I just need to tell someone.
OK, I must warn you that this is a long and strange story. Sit down, bust out the popcorn, and prepare to be underwhelmed. 

A year or so ago, I was sitting around watching youtube. I didn't have adblock at the time, so I was watching an ad for the Seat Toca (a car). There was a song in the background of this ad, and I *loved it*. The ad was only about 30 seconds long, but the song was bloody amazing. I was immediately determined to find this song. 

I started watching the ad on repeat, trying to figure out the lyrics so I could google the song and find it (my usual strategy). But nothing turned up. 

People in the comments section were discussing the song; several other people were trying to find it. Someone said it sounded like a guy called Mike something (I can't remember the full name of the artist). So I searched for Mike something, and went through a lot of his discography. But still - no luck. I tried searching his name + the lyrics, but... nothing. 

I tried using shazam. For those who aren't familiar, this is an app that uses the microphone on your phone to identify songs. The idea is that you play the song, turn on the app, and the app will tell you the name and artist of the song. But shazam was bloody hopeless, and couldn't identify the song. I downloaded the app, just for this one song, and deleted it when it failed me. 

At this point, I must admit that I was watching the 30-second ad once or twice a day, just so I could listen to the song, no matter how briefly. 

My next step was to *email the Seat marketing department*. I'm deadly serious, I actually did this. I sent a polite email, asking what the song was called. A few days later, I got a reply. The Seat employee told me that the song was a special commission for this particular ad, and wasn't available for general release. Essentially, it's not a real song, and there's no way to find it. 

I was heartbroken, but also felt a certain sense of closure. I popped back into the youtube comment section, and let everyone know about my findings. I had been keeping my IRL friends updated throughout this entire saga. They found it hilarious, and mocked me for the effort I was expending in order to find this song. I'm the kind of guy who can be very determined - if I want something, I'll put a lot of effort into getting it. This was just another weird project of mine, which unfortunately didn't work out. 

But so it goes. I moved on. I almost forgot about the song.

Fast forward to today, about one year after I originally heard the song. I get a random PM on Reddit. It's from a user I've never spoken to; a user who frequents subreddits that I'm not subscribed to. I have no idea who this person is. 

The PM simply said: 

>Song - Turn the lights down Artist - BSO

This song is on spotify, but not youtube or anywhere else. I made a spotify account, just to hear this song - if a random stranger PMs you a song, you have a duty to listen to it, right?

Well, I think you can all guess where this is going. Yes. Yes. IT'S THE BLOODY SONG! IT'S THE ACTUAL, LEGIT, FULL VERSION OF THE SONG!

I have no idea who that redditor is. I have no idea how they found me, and I have no idea how they knew about that song. I'm fairly sure I never mentioned it on Reddit. I send them a slightly crazed reply; a mix of utter gratitude and utter confusion. My reply read as follows:

>Oh my god. Oh my fucking god. I'm actually freaking out.

>Who are you? How did you know? WHAT IS GOING ON?

>Thank you so much. But also, WHAT THE HELL IS GOING ON

Their response was 

> Shh bby is ok

I shit you not. Never before have I felt such love for a total stranger. 

So, yeah. Wow. This is a pretty huge deal for me. 

For context, [here's the ad that started it all](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hxkWhTrSPVI). The song is called "turn the lights down", by an artist called BSO. The full song isn't actually as great as I had hoped, *but that's not the point!*

Edit - I've just realised that this whole post might be construed as a pathetic attempt at viral marketing for Seat. So I want to state that Seat are a terrible company, their cars are awful, and they are capitalist pigdogs that do not deserve your money. 

Edit2 - [here](http://imgur.com/RX7aea0) is a screenshot of the PM.

Edit3 - last one, I promise. [here](https://i.imgur.com/GAJvnao.png) is the email from Seat. [Here](http://imgur.com/TXs2aNE) is the full unredacted PM conversation (I didn't want to post this until I knew /u/TheVikingHoward was comfortable with it). We're starting to get an idea of what might have happened, but I'm not gonna tell you here because it ruins the story. This is not a marketing campaign, I am not a member of BSO, and I did not fake the whole thing using alt accounts. Shh. 
.
After 10 years of being disabled from brain surgery, I am going on my first job interview today.
I was told after having my left temporal and occipital lobes removed in 2011 that I would most likely never be able to hold a job, let alone raise my children. It was very hard because I had to relearn a lot of things, but I finally started college in 2015. I was on the lowest level possible with classes, so it took me two and a half years without skipping a semester to get my associates degree. I had a 3.1 GPA. I got my Bachelor's degree in just a year and a half, getting a 3.7 GPA. I was able to get my kids back 2 years after surgery and even took in a foster child that I've adopted. So today is a big step for me and I'm very nervous. Can I please get some wishes for good luck?

Update: Thank you everyone for the kind words and message. I am in shock from all of the positive responses. I had my interview a little bit ago and I'm really not sure how I did. I feel like I could have failed it just because I got nervous with words and I did mess some up. However, I'm not going to let this affect me. It just probably means I'm not meant to work there but it's practice for the next job. I won't find out for 2-3 weeks but I'll update as soon as I find out. Thank you guys so much!

Edit: I want to thank everyone from the bottom of my heart for all of the kind words. Even if I don't get this job, I will keep looking instead of giving up. I am very proud of myself for where I am but I am not perfect. I can type better than I can speak unfortunately, and that's a downfall. I'm going to practice though and try my hardest to get better. For those who feel down, don't give up on your dreams. You can do anything you put your mind to! If I could help you, I would!

Update posted on new post today. Thank you everyone for all of the pep talk.
.
My divorce was finalized yesterday and I'm officially a single dad of 4 boys. Took my boys to Chilis and the lady sitting next to us bought us all a Mini Molten after seeing how well behaved my boys are and hearing that they are bilingual.
It was a tough day. A good day though as my relationship was a broken one with my now exwife. But that simple act of kindness helped me smile and be grateful for even the small things. 

Edit: Thank you for the gold my friend. I dedicate it to human kindness. There have been times in my life where I haven't been so kind. Both to myself and to my exwife. (As you can read about if you follow the comments.) Although I am embarrassed by my previous indiscretions, unkindness, my past doesn't have to define my future. I'm excited for a new day and the opportunity to help my boys learn from my mistakes. Thank you everyone for your kind words and well wishes. 
.
I just got adopted. As a 24 year old adult. Life is good.
19 years ago my father met and married my stepmother. They only dated for like 3 months beforehand. My dad used to wear a lot of Hurley tank tops and my stepmom broke the ice by saying “what are you? Some kind of surfer dude?” Outside an AA meeting. 

5 year old me thought she was so cool. She played with me, and she had a dog. She took me to playgrounds and all kinds of fun places. It was amazing. 

It was more than I could ever say about my birth mother. My childhood with her consisted of extreme abuse, neglect, and an unsafe life brought on by her drug use. Spending more than 24 hours locked in a room with my infant siblings was a regular occurrence. My dad fought for custody for years but didn’t get full until I was 5. 

I remember the day I moved in with my stepmom. She showed me what would be my very own bedroom and took me to home depot to pick out what color I wanted to paint it. You would have thought I won the lottery. I jumped in her arms and told her I was never going to leave. I said I would bring my husband too and we would live in my very own blue room lol. 

The following two decades she did everything a mom should do. She came to my plays, stayed up when I was sick, brought me to skating lessons, picked me up from school when I couldn’t get my snow pants off in time and I peed my pants. She came and cheered proudly at my graduations. She’s answered 1,000 of my calls to help me work through problems, be a shoulder to cry on, the first to hear good news, and just to chat. She was even the first to listen to me scream and sob when I found out I became pregnant whilst going through a medical treatment that wouldn’t allow me to carry to term. She’s always been there as an unwavering support for me even on the worst days of my life. 

For her birthday I decided to get her the papers to adopt me and my brother. 

Today we went to the courthouse. Surrounded by friends and family who have gone on this journey with us over the last 20 years. We had a private ceremony with a full room and full of happy tears. 

I’m just so grateful to have her as my mom. She even got me a bracelet with today’s date and “Olet Rakas” (You are loved) inscribed. She thinks of everything. 

Thanks Katri for always being my mom. It feels good to have the paperwork in order. 

tldr: bio mom was a piece of garbage and I was raised since 5 by my wonderful stepmother. Today at 24 she adopted me.

EDIT: Wow y’all are so wholesome. My heart is so filled with love and I can’t even believe how our story has touched y’all enough to comment. Figured I’d spread a little more joy around-

[The moment after the paper was signed by Judge](http://imgur.com/XgCJHLD) 

AND 

[The bracelet ](http://imgur.com/xWJEvEq) 

The other bracelet she gave me for my 7th birthday so you know I’m wearing both until I die. 

Ps thanks for the gold!

EDIT 2: HOLY MOLY PEOPLE. I love this beautiful community. I am going to do my best to reply to all your questions, and I’ve read every comment. Hearing how some of you have been touched with choosing your own families has been incredible. I told my mom about this and she came out from being a lurker so let’s give some love to u/happyfinngirl. 

Lots of people are asking how we did this! I literally just walked into our local courthouse and asked for adoption papers. They gave us a lot of forms, we had to get some things notarized, but overall it was an easy process!

Once again I just can’t believe how touched people are by our story. When it’s your own life it’s hard to picture anyone looking in and saying “wow, that’s amazing!”. Life can be bad, life can be good. Even on our HARDEST days the world is full of loving people and reasons to be grateful. So you know what? My life is amazing. 

I want you all to think about the people that make living worth it. Think about the people that made you the person you are. Tell them you love them today. This world needs us to remember and celebrate the good. 

[Bonus picture of wedding day with all of us!](http://imgur.com/uVrgJjB)
.
I adopted a teenage boy.
I am a 50 year old man. My wife and I were never able to conceive. I wanted to help out a kid in foster care and give them a warm, loving home they otherwise wouldn't be able to get. Unfortunately, adoption takes time and money and we were not able to for some time as our financial state was poor until the last 5 years. 


When we started the adoption process we decided to adopt a teenager instead as they are usually neglected because adults seem to generally want babies/little kids. 


The boy we adopted's name is Jonathan. He is 15. He had been through some tough shit; abuse, neglect, being bounced from foster to home and back again. He was suffering with depression, anger issues, PTSD, and an eating disorder. 


I'll skip the boring process and tell you about what life has been like since we brought him home.


It has not been an easy task. Jonathan smokes alot (which we didn't know). When school started, we got notified that Jonathan was skipping class. We confronted him about it and he just seems to ignore us or tell us its his life so he doesn't care. At first when we adopted him he was cautious because he didn't know how we'd react to things - he thought he might get beat. Now that he knows that won't happen he's gotten more comfortable which is good but he has also gotten more teenage-ish and snipey. 


Jonathan gets into fights. He was sent home the other day for getting into scrap with another student. When we confronted him about it, he told us we weren't his parents and we should stop acting like it. We sent him to his room and basically grounded him. He got angry in his room and started punching the wall. I tried to be as calm as I could and asked him why he was angry. He screamed at me to f-off and tried to throw something at me but I dodged it. I continued to be calm. I told him if he apologized for yelling at me and attempting to hit me with something we could go to the pub and talk through this. After a minute he apologized and off to the pub we went.



He had calmed down a bit by the time we got there and served so I was ready to talk to him. He thought it was pretty cool that I didn't get angry or retaliate. I told him things are different in this house. I told him violence doesn't accomplish anything. After a drink we began to talk. I tried to talk to him about the matter at hand; why he was angry. I got a bit out of him. I won't give out all the details for privacy sake but I did get some useful information from his perspective that helps me understand a bit of what he is going through.


Since then, it's gotten a bit better. Once a week we got to the pub and he tells me some things. We are trying to provide as much support and love and care as we can. The other day he got mad and said we weren't his parents. I said "but we are the ones who care for you". He is a bit secretive which is why the pub thing works well. We are working on trying to get him to control his anger issues; we signed him up for boxing lessons to take it out on a punch bag instead of property. He is enjoying boxing. Getting him to eat is a challenge but we are working on that, too. 



I hope in the next years he can get better towards a bright future. I know this isn't really promoting conversation but I just wanna say if you can afford to adopt please do it. It can really help change  a persons life. 


Edit: wow, gold! thanks! wow again?? really made my night thank you!

Edit 2: since lot's of people want updates i will give you guys updates in the future. 
.
I'm gonna get a meal in to menu in the restaurant I work at
I was super nervous when the chef told me yesterday that he wants to talk to me with the so-chef because I'm new and I can't really keep up yet and I make a fair bit of mistakes.

Today he approached me and told me that a dish I made a few days ago as an experiment was really good and he wants it on the menu.

I  was stoked, half my shift I spent on making it better, he even told me to go buy whatever I need and to take the business credit card.


I got no one really to tell to, but I just wanted to tell someone.


It's my dream to become a chef, I'm a high school dropout and still very young but I'm doing what I love, and today for me was a proof I'm getting places.


Edit: just want to say thanks for all the kind words, really means a lot!
.
I was given my first Father's Day gift yesterday.
My girlfriend is a mother of a beautiful and wonderful 3 year old girl. Yesterday when I woke up I went down stairs to get some coffee and was suspiciously told to wait in the hallway for a period of time. When given the all clear I had my coffee and was given a bag with my gift and a card. The card read," you're not a step dad, you're a dad who stepped up." I cried for so long. So this is an appreciation post for all the fellow step dads out there. Happy (late) Father's Day.
.
I'm married to a walking success story
TL;DR my husband's income just jumped from $65K to $208K, all our dreams are about to come true

&#x200B;

EDIT 1: YES I KNOW THE DIFFERENCE BETWEEN SALARY AND TOTAL COMPENSATION AND HOW BONUSES WORK THERE'S A BREAKDOWN OF HIS PAY AT THE BOTTOM WE DID A LOT OF RESEARCH BEFORE ACCEPTING THE OFFER THANKS

**EDIT 2: Thank you for all of your amazing, kind, supportive comments**

EDIT 3: My husband's resources include [freecodecamp.com](https://freecodecamp.com), udemy, youtube, podcasts, and codecademy but he primarily used FCC. I will try to have him post his specific methods when he has some time!

EDIT 4: explanation of how the bonus works

&#x200B;

Preface by saying we lived in poverty for over a year. My husband was in school, working on his doctorate in organic chemistry (the origin of all our income), and neither of us was in a good place. He dropped out, I quit my job. We lived off his mom's money in a condo that his mom previously paid for. Most months we didn't have enough money for food or gas. We went half a year without car insurance and couldn't renew our registration when the time came, so we drove with illegal tags. We lived in constant fear of getting pulled over and getting a ticket that we couldn't afford to pay, so we basically holed ourselves up and didn't go anywhere for about 8 months.

It was the most depressed I think either of us had ever been. We were in extreme denial that things were okay.

Then we moved to Seattle on a whim and my husband decided he was going to learn programming. He taught himself multiple programming languages and hustled his ass off for half a year. During this time I had to get a full-time job and try to make ends meet. He spent all of his time learning, to the point where I'd get mad at him because we never spent any time together. We were down to the wire with money and constantly fighting and stressing about it.

The time comes where he feels ready to apply for jobs. Applies for two months straight, literally for 8 hours a day. Just sitting at the computer, applying for jobs endlessly.

Finally, someone offers him an interview. It's a small startup. He's been there for about 8 months now. They offered him $65K. We became comfortable. Moved further into the city, had a baby, have all of our expenses covered. But still don't have any real spending money. It's all going to rent, bills, baby expenses, etc.

Three months ago, he decides to start applying for jobs again to try and move up. The startup he's at is going nowhere. The owners have admitted it too. They're on a downward spiral. They also don't appreciate anything my husband has done for the company. On top of that, he works under a control freak who doesn't actually know anything about coding and has horrible time management skills. Oh yeah, and they boasted about "unlimited vacation time" and then gave him *one* ***week*** *off* when our son was born.

Anyway, he was asked to start the interview process at a particular company - one of the largest in the world. Don't think I can explicitly say which one, so we'll call it BigTech. Started the process and went through the first couple of rounds, and passes everything before the in-person interview, and then is rejected. Heartbroken.

A few weeks later, he's contacted by another team from BigTech. They say he did extremely well on the technical interview and can't believe he wasn't asked to come in.

So he sets up the in-person interview. He spends the next 3 weeks studying their principles and doing as much research as he can about BigTech. Back to the old grind of not spending any time with me or our baby, just hustling to do what needs to be done.

The in-person interview is a day of panel interviews totaling 6 hours. He comes home exhausted and spends the entire weekend freaking out about how he did.

Then Monday he got the call.

We were thinking he didn't get the job based on the way the recruiter phrased things in the voicemail. He calls her back and she asks how he thought it went and then gave him an offer. We were thinking it would be somewhere around $150-180K total compensation.

But no. The team said he was a *very* strong candidate and made him an offer of $208K total compensation. Which breaks down to $130K salary, a $70K first-year sign on bonus which will be split evenly in his monthly paychecks (for a total of $200K in income in the first year), and $8K in RSUs (which we're essentially ignoring as we won't see that money for a long time).

Everything we've ever wanted is about to become reality: moving into downtown Seattle, getting rid of our car, being able to hire a babysitter and go on dates, being able to travel, being able to get our dog groomed regularly and send him to doggie daycare so he can interact with other dogs. The honeymoon of our dreams in Disney World. Ugh. I'm just so incredibly proud of him and so grateful for everything he's done. He's a walking success story. Literally taken himself from broke to 1/5 of a million dollars in 2 years.

It's the most surreal feeling.

It's all been worth it.
.
Life is better without Facebook and Instagram
I deactivated my Facebook a couple of months ago and recently I deleted my Instagram app too. (I didn’t fully delete the profiles because they have a lot of pictures on them that I’d never be able to recover otherwise.) I have felt so much better now that I’m not mindlessly scrolling through these sites and trying to show off how great my life is. I spend less time locked on my phone and I feel happier and more confident in general. I even pay more attention to my kids. I just think it’s so narcissistic and sad how obsessed people are with these websites. I don’t want to be one of those people. Has anyone else experienced this?
.
As a millennial, I look forward to senior retirement homes: as kids we played video and board games in each other’s houses. As elderly, we’ll hopefully have regular Smash Brothers or Catan tourneys in our daily actives.
I noticed a post earlier about us being more anti-social with age; which I do completely agree with in my own personal life.  But I think it’s interesting that this is a small thing we COULD look forward to.
.
Me and my best friend have developed the habit of saying "Love you bro" at the end of calls
We've known each other since fourth grade, around ten years now. One day recently we got drunk and I told him that I felt really lonely, like I had nobody else in the world. My parents are the embodiment of r/raisedbynarcissists, and I don't feel any love for them. He told me that no matter what he would always be there, and we spoke in more detail about it the next day on the phone. He ended that call with a "Love you dude" and we've been doing it since then. There's nothing gay about it. Just pure wholesomeness. Felt like sharing that. 😊
.
Do any of you pretend to not know a fact just so the person telling you can feel good for a short while?
Sometimes people tell me facts/ tidbits or other random pieces of information and I pretend that I don't know just so that I don't:

1. Instantly shoot them down by saying "oh yeah I knew that"

2. They can enjoy teaching me something 

I feel like it makes their day a little brighter, especially if somebody with common interests to me tells me something.
.
Two years ago I posted here on my first day of Nursing school. I was a scared, 38 year old stay-at-home mom, and you guys were so kind and supportive. Today, I just found out I PASSED my registration exam. I did it!
Just had to share.  

Have a dream sitting on the shelf?

Stick with it, even when it gets tough. Take one day at a time and put one foot in front of the other. Small beginnings are STILL beginnings.  
.
Shout out to all the guys out there who are actually attracted to black girls
As a black girl in the US, it's pretty annoying and even a bit depressing to know that your demographic is the least sought after. I'm so used to guys (even the ones who are black) saying that black girls are the ugliest/most undesirable girls and that they wouldn't date them. Hell, I haven't even met a guy who actually *preferred* black girls over all other girls. That's one hell of a rarity. It sure as hell makes me think twice about having crushes, because I always assume he'll be yet another one of those guys. So when I see a guy who actually likes black girls, it gives me a bit of hope. I know most people will find this incredibly stupid, but I like seeing it. 

Note: This isn't to mean that attraction to/preference of girls of other races is a bad thing. 
.
2 years ago I was unemployed and incredibly depressed with no idea how I was going to support my 4 children on my own, last year I was 5 months in to my new job and so happy I got a dollar raise and making $14 an hour. Last week I was offered a job making 45k a year.
It might not be much to some people but I had no hope 2 years ago, I was ashamed to go to my daughters school events because I felt like the poor dad. This new job just feels like validation.  
.
A male supervisor asked me if it was okay to hug me!
This is really silly I know but it made me really happy. I love this supervisor he’s got a kid my age and has a real dad vibe.  One time we were both talking with a customer and he grabbed my shoulder( it was for a reason but I can’t remember now) and I flinched hard.

After the customer left he apologized and asked if I was okay.  I don’t like being touched and usually when people learn I don’t like being touched suddenly, they seem to go out of their way to touch me. Because for some reason it’s funny to see me flinch.

My supervisor is a very touchy person but after he learned I didn’t like being touched he was very careful to respect my personal space. On my last day of work though he looked me dead in the eye and asked if it was okay to hug me. 

I’ve rarely been asked if I wanted to be hugged and it was so nice and wholesome. I actually love hugs, I just don’t like being touched without being asked. I’m gonna miss this supervisor.

Like I said it’s so small but it means so much that somebody actually took my discomfort into account and was so nice and respectful


Edit: So people are calling me sexist because I specified my supervisor was a man. I didn’t mention that I’m a girl so it seems like a lot of people made assumptions. I am a girl but even if I were a dude I still wouldn’t want people to touch me.

I didn’t intend for this to be sexists. I don’t  like men or women touching me. This male supervisor actually talked to some of my female associates about boundaries, because they thought just because we were all girls they could be in my space all they want.  It was meant more as a descriptor. So I’m sorry if I offended anybody. 

This was suppose to be a casual conversation, please stop the hate and death threat messages

EDIT 2: Wow, thank you everybody for your kind words. It’s really the small acts of kindness and consideration that stick with you.
.
Today the upvotes have cute little saying attached to them. Try it!
I was just upvoting another comment and it came up with "up up and away". Curious, I hit another upvote and it said: "You have a strange and orange heart"

LOL

Doesn't appear to work on downvotes, you assholes lol

Edit: Doesn't seem to work on all comments, but it's been fun finding the ones that it does.

Edit II:  We have u/itsthesnake to thank for the quote list! Also, a moderator explained that you have to be on old reddit and have "allow subreddit themes" in settings for this to work. It does not work on new reddit because new reddit doesn't have CSS, and it does not work on mobile.  Also, there are other subs that have this fun little quirk. A few that have been mentioned is: Marvel, Game of Thrones and I don't remember the others lol
.
My roommate assaulted me and my girl left me...and I feel amazing?
Title says all. My roomie of 11 months who owes me over 500 dollars threw a glass of milk at my face and kicked me in the stomach. I called the police and they mediated a solution where she signed an agreement to pay me back in full (enforceable through small claims) and then I went to Thailand to see my girl.

She was a German exchange student (I live in LA) and we hit it off immediately. We’ve been separated for months and when we finally met up again she didn’t feel the same and dumped me. But like...I feel amazing.

I feel like I’ve finally cut the fat out of my life. My small business is picking up, my acting career is going amazing (adidas commercial, and over 200 mil views on vids I’ve been in in the last year) and I’m here in Thailand eating my favorite food. I thought I’d be dying about now, but I moved on and am just super happy and grateful for how my life has worked out and I am just so ready to see my friends and get this business making a LOT of money (after I eat all the food I can ram into my belly obvi)

TLDR my life kinda fell apart but i feel better than ever

Edit: I wanted to say thank you to everyone who replied. I never got to talk about this the way I have in the last few hours and its been really helpful to work through it all properly. I really appreciate you all!
.
My job is putting wristbands on people at a museum. My boss says I’m the best wristbander at the place. Here’s all my wristband-related wisdom.
When you’re getting a wristband put on, always put out your wrist with the palm of your hand facing up. That way it won’t stick to your arm hair.

If the adhesive part of the wristband doesn’t align and sticks to you, fold it over.

To take off a wristband, grab the loose part on the interior and pull it in the opposite direction it’s facing, towards the adhesive.

When putting a wristband on a small child, make sure you ask them if it’s too loose/tight. 

As for dealing with a child’s wrist size, you can either wrap the band around the wrist until it fits, or you can make a “whale’s tail” with the band (stick the adhesive strip to the underside of the band so that it fits the wrist and the rest of it will stick straight up). You can either cut off the excess or let it stay depending on the child’s preference.

If you know you will be wristbanding a lot of children, it can be helpful to cut some short in advance so that they’re sized appropriately.

If someone obviously wants to put a wristband on you, don’t try to take it and do it yourself unless you’re confident you can do it. You probably can’t. It’s hard to do one-handed.

When you have a lot of practice wristbanding, you will be able to do it very, very fast. Use the time you save with the application of the band to make sure the adhesive is lined up.

Brace the band against the wrist with your middle fingers while you line up the adhesive with your thumbs and index fingers. 

And finally, every single person makes the joke that it’s like going to the hospital/to the club. You’re not funny or original for that one. Sorry.
.
Given the time it is now, no one will probably see this but I'M GOING TO BE A DADDY!!!
Just found out and I am so happy right now!!


Obligatory edit: Jesus, front page really? I've been a redditor for a few years now and I gotta say I'm overwhelmed by your support (except for that one guy who said he wanted to have sex with my unborn child but hey, internet am I right?). Anyway thanks for the love and I'll make sure in 8/9 months to show my baby off to you guys!
.
My Teens Said They Were Glad I Was Home Today!
I am a divorced mom of 17 and 14 year old boys. So, of course, I work full time, but these boys are my life.

My boys love me, but they want me not around too much. You know how it is at those ages. They're always asking "When do you have to travel overnight for work again? Or go see your sister?" Etc. And when I'm home, you know, they make themselves scarce. I get it. But it's sad for me, too, even though I was most certainly the exact same way as a teen.

Today I had an appointment in the morning and another in the afternoon so I just took the whole day off (a rare thing tbh). I got lunch at a place I don't get to go very often and curled up with a good book I haven't had time to read. 

When my 17 year old got home from school, he came up to my room sat on the edge of my bed, where I was reading, and actually told me about his day!! He kind of had a rough one. So we talked through some of the things that went on and he actually listened and heard me. Then he said,"Mom, you look like you're really enjoying your day off and I'm happy for you. I'm glad you were here to talk to when I got home."

When my 14 year old was about due to get off the bus, I leashed up the dog and walked to the bus stop. Honestly was worried that he'd rip me with "OMG I can't believe you met me at the bus like a kindergartner!! You totally embarrassed me!" But no! He just strolled towards us, let the dog jump on him and lick his face, and I even caught him glancing back towards the bus to to see if any of his buds saw. But it wasn't in embarrassment. It was more like "Look! My dog and mom are awesome!" Then.... he HUGGED ME. Right there on the sidewalk!! We walked home and he said "Mom, I am glad you were home today and it was really cool that you brought Pokey to meet me at the bus stop."

Ooooh..... all this just makes my heart BURST with unspeakable joy!! But honestly, makes me sad, too, because, while I love my career and I think I need to do it for my own mental health, I will never be, and never was, a stay at home mom. I'm single. If I don't work, we don't eat. Period. 

So I had to share what my boys said and for teens or parents out there, see yourself in this post! Even if you don't hear the words from your teen, or say the words to your parents, it's still there deep down. I had one day like this at least. Tomorrow they'll be asking again if I have any overnight trips coming up soon or turning their back and slamming the door on me. And it's OK.

&#x200B;
.
Shoutout to everyone who’s been making progress that no one recognizes because theyre not things you typically mention to others.
Transformation is important and I am proud of every single one of you, no matter how insignificant it may seem. Life is a lesson and you are the independent variable.
.
My boss sent everyone this "parable" today. She sent it meaning it to be inspirational I guess, but to me it is everything that's wrong with the current work culture in America
Today this showed up in my work in-box as an attachment. Everyone in the company was told to read it and "come prepared to the meeting to share your thoughts."

Here it is:

\> There was a young man who had ambitions to work for a company because it paid very well and

was very prestigious. He prepared his résumé and had several interviews. Eventually, he was

given an entry-level position. Then he turned his ambition to his next goal—a supervisor position

that would afford him even greater prestige and more pay. So he completed the tasks he was

given. He came in early some mornings and stayed late so the boss would see him putting in

long hours.

After five years a supervisor position became available. But, to the young man’s great dismay,

another employee, who had only worked for the company for six months, was given the

promotion. The young man was very angry, and he went to his boss and demanded an

explanation.

The wise boss said, “Before I answer your questions, would you do a favor for me?”

“Yes, sure,” said the employee.

“Would you go to the store and buy some oranges? My wife needs them.”

The young man agreed and went to the store. When he returned, the boss asked, “What kind of

oranges did you buy?”

“I don’t know,” the young man answered. “You just said to buy oranges, and these are oranges.

Here they are.”

“How much did they cost?” the boss asked.

“Well, I’m not sure,” was the reply. “You gave me $30. Here is your receipt, and here is your

change.”

“Thank you,” said the boss. “Now, please have a seat and pay careful attention.”

Then the boss called in the employee who had received the promotion and asked him to do the

same job. He readily agreed and went to the store.

When he returned, the boss asked, “What kind of oranges did you buy?”

&#x200B;

“Well,” he replied, “the store had many varieties—there were navel oranges, Valencia oranges,

blood oranges, tangerines, and many others, and I didn’t know which kind to buy. But I

remembered you said your wife needed the oranges, so I called her. She said she was having a

party and that she was going to make orange juice. So I asked the grocer which of all these

oranges would make the best orange juice. He said the Valencia orange was full of very sweet

juice, so that’s what I bought. I dropped them by your home on my way back to the office. Your

wife was very pleased.”

“How much did they cost?” the boss asked.

“Well, that was another problem. I didn’t know how many to buy, so I once again called your wife

and asked her how many guests she was expecting. She said 20. I asked the grocer how many

oranges would be needed to make juice for 20 people, and it was a lot. So, I asked the grocer if

he could give me a quantity discount, and he did! These oranges normally cost 75 cents each,

but I paid only 50 cents. Here is your change and the receipt.”

The boss smiled and said, “Thank you; you may go.”

He looked over at the young man who had been watching. The young man stood up, slumped

his shoulders and said, “I see what you mean,” as he walked dejectedly out of the office.

What was the difference between these two young men? They were both asked to buy oranges,

and they did. You might say that one went the extra mile, or one was more efficient, or one paid

more attention to detail. But the most important difference had to do with real intent rather than

just going through the motions. The first young man was motivated by money, position, and

prestige. The second young man was driven by an intense desire to please his employer and an

inner commitment to be the best employee he could possibly be—and the outcome was obvious.

(Excerpt from: “Living with a Purpose: The Importance of ‘Real Intent.’", Randall L. Ridd)

&#x200B;

I read it and was immediately disgusted for a couple reasons:

1. The boss had this guy working for \*five years\* and never told him he wasn't doing enough work to be promoted? The boss never made his intentions known to this guy. He was obviously a good enough employee to be kept for 5 years, but not good enough to be promoted - you don't think in 5 years the boss could have been like "Yo, you're OK, but you'll never be promoted because I don't feel you do enough extra-curriculars for me."
2. Isn't this implying that the boss values employees going "above and beyond"? That's cool and all, but doesn't this imply that employee #2 was working all this extra work \*without being paid more\*? It's like saying "You've worked here for 5 years but this guy is willing to put in more hours unpaid so he gets the promotion."?
3. Is this how you motivate employees? When someone comes in to ask why they were passed over for promotion you humiliate them? That guy went in early and stayed late, but because his \*intentions\* weren't "driven by an intense desire to please his employer (WTF?)" he is not valued as an employee. If I were that guy I'd be looking for a new job.
4. How does employee #2 have the bosses wife's cell number? That is weird.

&#x200B;

What do you guys think? Am I over reacting?

&#x200B;

Edit 7/10/19 9pm 

Y'all. Y'ALL. The meeting happened and it was \*wild\* 

It turns out the boss sent this out to everyone prompted by a single employee who is leaving for another job. 

The meeting ended with three (count 'em THREE) employees walking out on their jobs. 

I feel like writing the whole story out but I have plans tonight - when I do would it be better to put it as an edit to this post, or start a new one?
.
Does anyone hate when you see a thread that you have a good comment for, but the thread was made 5+ hours ago and your comment feels useless?
This happens to me all the time. I want to comment, but it will just get lost since it's too late and just gets thrown to the bottom of the thread. I hate it lol

Edit: Even though were at and past the 5 hour mark, I don’t consider anyone’s comment useless! This kinda blew up lol
.
I just got a scholarship for the best university in my country and I'm on the freaking moon right now.
My parents were "secretly" stressing about my university tuition and today I got the chance to tell them that I'm one of the 9 chosen out of hundreds who applied for this scholarship. They were ecstatic and extremely proud. I've been keeping it a secret during the entire application process so that I'd surprise them if I got it and not disappoint them if I don't. Thankfully, things worked out perfectly and I gave them one less thing to worry about.
.
Just got an amazing job offer. I've doubled my salary in two years. Oh and I'm a high school dropout with no degree.
I'm so freaking excited. 

I always struggled in school. I've had teachers tell me I was stupid, and classmates tell me I was a waste of space. 

I have my GED and some college credits, not even close to a degree. 

I started working at minimum wage when I was 18 and moved out of the house with no savings and no plan. 

Had three jobs at one point just to make it by. 

I've had shoes thrown at my head by angry customers. I've been yelled at and put down by many more. 

Clawed my way up to $12. 

Negotiated $15 at the next job. 

In January of this year I was offered 40k a year, salaried with benefits. Which I had never had before. 

I've been really unhappy in my current position but didn't want to leave because it was such a huge pay increase from my last one. 

So the past two months I've been looking for jobs and have only been offered positions between $12-15 an hour with no benefits, no PTO, nothing. 

I went on an interview today for a REALLY interesting job with a property management company. The owner hired me on the spot and offered me 50K A YEAR.

WITH BENEFITS. AND EXTRA COMMISSION. 

And has other positions available that I can move up into within a year. 

I am so freaking ridiculously happy. 

Its not nearly as much as some make, but I worked so hard just to get here and spent the last five years wondering if I was capable of ever making a decent living for myself. 

If you're feeling discouraged or like you'll never make it anywhere, I totally get it. But if little old me can do it, YOU CAN DO IT TOO. 

I believe in all of you. Have an amazing night.

*Edits:*

Holy crap I did not expect this to get this much attention. I'm responding to all comments and messages, and I thank you all so much for the amazing response to my spur of the moment post. 

*Why did I drop out?*

I always struggled with the rigid structure of school, and subject wise was very weak in math and often science because of the appearance math made in certain areas of science. 

I did excel in literature and history, and those were always my favorites. However I was often bored in those classes as I had often done my own research or had read the book we were covering two years prior. 

But I was bullied in multiple grades and have constantly struggled with what I now believe is ADHD, which my dad was just diagnosed with. I will be visiting a professional after I transfer jobs to look into this further. 

Fast forward to high school and I loved being in theatre and dance, but that was really the only thing keeping me in school. I often skipped to teach dance classes or left school altogether. 

I had mostly D's and C's except my art electives and English Lit. 

I developed an eating disorder and started self medicating with alcohol and light drug use. By the end of 10th grade my parents found out and worked with me to find counseling. 

I tried going back to school at the beginning of 11th grade but I was just not in a place mentally that I felt like I could make it another two years and get out of high school with my health intact. 

So I talked to my parents about dropping out and they agreed that it was the best thing for me to get my GED and be able to move past this period of my life. 

*Why didn't I go to college?*

After I got my GED, the plan was for me to attend the community college near me to get my degree. 

However, after a couple semesters my parents (who have never been well off) fell deeper into financial issues and could not pay for my classes at all anymore. 

I didn't qualify for financial aid and didn't want to risk taking out loans that I may not be able to pay back. 

So, I applied for jobs for a few weeks but wasn't getting anywhere. All I had on my resume was a cashier job at a roller rink that I had in high school. 

I picked a shopping center near my house, and walked around handing out my resume, practically begging people to hire me. And someone did, so I got my first full time job making minimum wage at a retail store doing tuxedo rentals. 

I moved into someone's spare room that graciously didn't make me leave a deposit and that I could rent month to month. 

*So how did you swing this, exactly?*

My best advice is to out work everyone. 

It fucking sucks when you know you're working for less money than you deserve, believe me I have been there. 

However, you won't learn to do new things unless you do the new things. 

At my first job, in between doing my actual job I was on the sales floor even though I wasn't being paid to be there. 

I kept track of my numbers, and routinely out sold the actual salespeople. 

So when I applied to my next job, I had those numbers that spoke for me. So the next person was willing to take a chance on me that they may have not been willing to take had I shown up without proof that I had some skills. 

I've reorganized stock rooms, researched visual merchandising to help slow items sell better, I've spend hours watching YouTube videos about how to improve closing ratios. 

I have also redesigned client info forms, learned how to design websites, how to run ads, how to create a successful social media presence and more. 

You will feel like you're working too hard. You are. But it's only because you get to show that to the next person that will hire you and eventually you'll be so valuable that people will offer you more money without batting an eye. 

*What's this new job?*

Its client relations and marketing with a property management company. I can make commission by setting appointments for the on site property managers in addition to my salary. 

But mostly I'll be handling marketing and social media, working with the on site employees to get qualified leads  of interested renters. 

I will also be trained by the owner for a better role in asset management that I can move to next year and after that I can move again to being an on site property manager or another role within the company.

*"Oh well you just got lucky, thanks for bragging."*

To that I say... think whatever you want. 

I didn't come here to brag. I made this post in a moment of excitement because I'm proud of what I accomplished. 

If you want to see it as bragging, go right ahead.

I'm fully aware that others are in far worse situations than I have ever witnessed. I have been fortunate to have an encouraging family that I will always be grateful for. 

I have never faced homelessness or crippling debt or major illness or disability. 

I know full well that there are horrible struggles that I could never imagine and people that have suffered unspeakable things. 

I have been exceptionally lucky in that regard, absolutely. 

But I don't think that discounts what I have worked my ass off to achieve. And I'm not here to have a competition over "who has it worse in life." Someone is always at more of a disadvantage than I was. 

But in my life I have witnessed first hand people that have not given up even when people told them they should. 

I have known a woman who escaped a horribly abusive relationship with her three kids. She lived on food stamps, and my family would watch her kids while she worked late nights bartending while also working a day job and getting her degree so she could move ahead. 

I watched my mom who has a chronic illness since 14 that didn't have an effective treatment that would allow her to keep a stable job until the last decade, go to nursing school, get her degree in two years and work her way up from a CNA to a nurse and was recruited earlier this year for an amazing position in a renowned hospital across the country. 

My grandparents moved here from Cuba with no money, had family members killed in the process, they didn't speak any English. They came to this country and started selling water and flowers on the street, and eventually started a successful real estate company.

I believe that you can do it, even if you don't believe it yourself. And not because of what I have done, but because I have seen with my own eyes, with my own family and friends, the incredible things that people are capable of.

*More edits*

I'm a lady, not a sir, just to clear up the confusion in the comments haha

Also if any of you lovely commenters would like to speak at more length, just send me a message! It may take me the next few days to get back to you as I've gotten such an overwhelming response to this post, but I'm happy to talk with you.
.
Until I started driving, I didn't even know I was seeing the world differently.
It all started when I started to drive. I was 26 when I got my Learners (I know but I just didn't feel ready, okay?) Anyway, when I started driving with my instructor - I noticed something with my eyes.

I noticed that I couldn't see the road signs until I was right on top of them. And other cars looked different too. I just couldn't understand WHY.

So I went to get my eyes tested at my local optometrist. He tested me for AN HOUR! Looking at different things, reading different lines on the chart and switching eyes and doing it again. He seemed puzzled but intrigued. At the end of the appointment he had results - good news was my vision was perfect. How can there be bad news if my vision was fine? The bad news? Apparently, I wasn't seeing with both eyes!

He sent me to a specialist. The specialist tested my vision for all of five minutes before he had the same result. I wasn't seeing with both eyes. What did this mean? The specialist asked if I had suffered any injuries to my head when I was little - I said no but that I did have an operation on my eye when I was a newborn.

(I was born 16 weeks early, one of my eyes was turned in and I needed an operation to fix it. While it was fixed, the surgeon did too good of a job, he made the muscels in the back of my eye too tight. Or something like that. Thus, my condition.)

The specialist said I have a condition called Monocular Vision. It basically means that I'm not seeing with both eyes - I see with my right eye mostly (the one that got operated on) and then when that eye gets tired, I switch to the left eye without me even knowing I'm doing it.

The specialist asked me some questions: do I have trouble walking down stairs? How was my balance? Did I fall over a lot? Did things LOOK flat?

I thought back to my childhood, yes I did fall down stairs a lot. I always had to hold my mums hand or the railing when going both up and down. When I wanted to put something on the bench, I would miss it a lot.

This is because I have poor depth perception and I can't see in 3D very well. The specialist said that growing up, I would have found ways to deal with my condition without knowing.
I realised that colour was very important to me. I thought it was just because I liked colour but no. Example: if I wanted to put an envelope on the table and the table was blue, I would look at the colours of everything else around the table and say in my head (Okay, the table is blue. Just reach out and drop the envelope when it's touching the blue.) And that's just how I have learnt to deal with it.

By looking at the colours. Judging distance is hard but again, I try and use colours. The red car is bigger than the grey lamp post, when I pass the red car, I'll reach the lamp post.

Sorry I'm not good at explaining it. I knock things over when I'm not paying attention and fall down stairs when I have to look up at something while I'm going down. I look for the lines of each edge of the step.

I didn't know I was seeing the world differently until I got diagnosed. Seeing in 3D must be fun for all of you normal sighted people!
.
Today I found a little girl lost in a crowded enormous park, and found her parents.
I spotted a little girl, about 2 years old, crying alone in shock and running around a fountain, looking around. I've lost my parents many times when I was a kid, and each was more terrifying than the previous, I immediately knew she was looking for her parents.
I approached her and she was clearly terrified of me, so I guided her to a bench nearby with as little physical contact as possible. I started asking around if they lost a child and got people's attention. People gathered around but nobody was willing to go search the mother, it's a gigantic park with tons of people around. I left her in care of an old lady who was really concerned, and moved around asking questions. People actually talked about seeing a crying mother looking for her child, so I made for the last direction they saw her going. I ended up finding her almost near the edge of the park, around 300 meters away from the kid. She had her daughter who was crying her eyes out, and her (presumably) old mother with her who guided her around, because I could see the mother was slowly giving up hope and was stalling around like a zombie when I reached her. I can't describe their faces when I told them that I found their kid and she was safe. The grandma was laughing with joy, but the mother was crying silently but looked extremely relieved.
I was surprised how far I came searching for her parents when I was guiding them to the kid. After painfully slow minutes we reached the lost child and she had around her a lot more people, and the rest was a really sweet wholesome scenery.
'Twas a good day.
.
I've been depressed for a few years, but this weekend I followed through on my self-promise to clean my house and told myself I'd clean my car today, and I DID. I'm not looking for validation, just wanted to say that it helps to accomplish small self-goals if anyone else is struggling.
I still have a long way to go and had an especially rough night, but I had a good feeling when I got home in my clean car and was able to put my things down on my clean counter. It almost feels like I'm living a better person's life.

To caveat: I wasn't living with rotting food or anything, just avoiding organizing, and still unpacking after 5 months. 
.
Honestly, I just wish it was socially acceptable to wear a cape/cloak all the time.
I love cloaks/capes!

From warm wool cloaks to flowy CGI superhero capes, I just want to wear them all the time.

I want to walk down the sidewalk in a breeze and feel awesome as my cape/cloak billows in my wake.

I often fantasize  about standing before an army of foes, drawing my sword from it's scabbard, and charging forward in just a glorious flourish of capes, leading my imagined army into wondrous battle.

But I feel like I can't even wear a cloak without feeling like a weirdo. Maybe if I was braver I'd wear one anyway, but alas, turns out I'm not as brave as I am in my fantasies.

&#x200B;

Edit: Oh my gosh, thank you so much for my first ever gold, and thank you everyone for supporting my first ever post all the way to the front page and encouraging me to just wear a cloak anyway!

Because of you kind redditors and your encouragement, I've officially bought my first cloak from [The Dark Knight Armory](https://www.darkknightarmoury.com/aaron-canvas-cloak) I'm also going to look into making my own very soon.

I never imagined that so many people just wanted to wear capes/cloaks like me. So, if you're seeing this post and you want to wear a cape/cloak, just do it! I'm not gonna let my fear stop me anymore.

Edit 2: Here's a list of some of the places people have linked me to get cloaks/capes from, for anyone who is interested in buying one.

[The Dark Knight Armory](https://www.darkknightarmoury.com/aaron-canvas-cloak)

[hmoon.com](https://hmoon.com/)

[Avalon](https://avaloncloaks.co.uk/)

[Armstreet Armory](https://armstreet.com/store/?gclid=CjwKCAjw0tHoBRBhEiwAvP1GFeFNMSPXLb8IR9ZLKg8FoQr-LMCK0eTc4LKRDxf5tdkcHUeeqax3YhoCjkYQAvD_BwE)

&#x200B;

Edit 3: Hey everyone! I got some requests to make a sub, so I made r/capeandcloakcrusaders.

 Now we cape/cloak lovers have a community to share our love of flowy and billowy outerwear! 

Thank you guys for all the  positivity  and support. You guys are awesome.
.
Today I was stalked by a guy in the dollar store...
I (32F) was in the dollar store and some guy seemed to be following my daughter and I around quite closely. I thought it was just coincidence and that he needed to get around us or something, so I said, “Okay kiddo, come over here!” to my little girl and stood back a bit. The guy gets a surprised look on his face as soon as he hears my voice, looks over at me, and says “Oh!” and immediately turns around and heads back the other way. 

I hear voices from an aisle over as the guy, embarrassed, explains to his girlfriend that he had been following around some other lady that he thought was her. She burst out laughing and said, “HAHAHA! That poor chick! She probably wondered why the creeper was stalking her!” 

😂 🤷🏻‍♀️
.
Anyone else wish we could just take a food pill and not worry about eating all day?
Trust me, I like food. Food is good.

But I waste so much damn time getting it, making it, eating it, and cleaning after.

I have to go to the store every couple days for a couple hours, cook an hour a day at least, and take an hour eating.

I would save so much time if I could just take a pill and not worry about it.

What are y’all thoughts?
.
Dudes. We see you. We appreciate you.
As a woman, I’ve been feeling like men don’t get enough love. Especially in this day and age, with all the sexism that goes on. But I KNOW there are guys with good hearts out there, and if you’re not getting the appreciation you deserve, then I’ll say it. I appreciate you. Because at the end of the day, every individual makes an impact on the world. And if you’re doing your part to be a good person in this world , then thank you. 

And just a reminder. Many guys experience abuse from women, and it gets overlooked. If you’re a man who’s experiencing that, don’t let anyone put you through that. Know your worth, and remember that just because you’re a guy, doesn’t mean you don’t deserve respect. Respect goes both ways.

EDIT: I used the word feminism and it was misunderstood. My apologies.

EDIT: wording

EDIT: Thanks so much for the golds and silvers <3. I’m so glad that so many of you were touched by this post. I know that nobody is perfect, but keep being your awesome selves.
.
As someone from a Third World Country, USA never ceases to amaze me
Hi there, I'm from Mexico, I wouldn't call myself poor or anything

i've been to USA at least 20 times (I'm 19 yrs old) and damn it literally never ceases to amaze me

In Mexico we see only mexicans really, some people look good, some other nah, and some average, but everyone's well, mexican

Now I LOVE seeing black people, asian people, indian, white people, muslim people, I LOVE seeing the diversity here, it's refreshing and awesome

I personally feel more attracted to whiter women (not racist AT ALL, I'm open to anything but I just tend to feel more attraction towards them than other races , and in just a day I've seen more 10's than in my town in 3 years

I love how modern everything is , how every single restaurant has mobile orders & pickups,

In Mexico AT&T is just a mobile carrier, in USA it is a TV provider, wifi provider, mobile carrier, and even a TV chain with specials and AT&T exclusives what the hell?? Comcast doesn't even exist in Mexico, Starbucks menu in Mexico is like 1/4 of the menu in America, Dairy Queen only offers ice cream in Mexico, while in USA it sells hamburgers & nuggets & fries and has a mobile app for odering food & picking it up!


The houses are so beautiful in America, the roads are so smooth and driving is soooo easy and nice to do here

In summary your country looks like a capitalist dream, a nice place with beautiful houses, beautiful roads, moden cities & beautiful and diverse people while our country looks like it's constantly trying to look like that, having success in some areas, and failing MISERABLY in a lot of other areas
In general, I love how modern everything is and the overall vibe here every place has 


AC if it's hot outside or hot AC if it's cold outside 



I'm just so happy to be here and shocked with every single modern amenities offered here!!

.
I have PTSD and successfully calmed myself down using a technique I learned in therapy.
My traumatic event happened a year ago, so I’ve been diagnosed with PTSD for ~6 months.

Currently, the common spot for sudden trauma-related freak-outs is the shower.

Where my event happened, it was crowded and the temperatures were extreme and kept fluctuating. Just like the shower. (Usually I feel like I can go into details but I feel my heart beating a little bit scared so onto the recovery)

I frantically jumped out of the shower and went straight to get myself a glass of water. I took deep breaths in and out.

At first I tried to process the frantic emotions coming but I realized that my brain couldn’t do that. It would have to calm down and therefore I would need to distract myself.

Still breathing, I found five things in my bathroom that were red. A shampoo cap, the cup I grabbed, my brother’s toothpaste, the plunger, a towel... then moved onto Orange, then Yellow...

Eventually, my breathing was back to normal. I wanted to cry. I had never done anything like that before. It was so hard but I did it.
.
Am I the only one who upvotes everything here just to see what the orange floating thingies say every time?
Do y'all not like it too? It's nice and heartwarming!
.
My daughter just asked if I was alive in 1989.
I was!  


She was doing some school work and said, "there was an earthquake in San Francisco then".  


I told her that not only was I alive then, I was \*in\* that earthquake, and school was cancelled for several days afterward, and we had no power, either.  


Was kinda cool to be able to give her a firsthand account of a "historical" event like that, but also kinda made me feel old.  


Anyone else even been a living part of history?
.
I gave a hug to a client earlier and it absolutely crushed me.
I work at a veterinary hospital. I went outside to take a walk on my break. It’s sunny out, a little too humid for my tastes but I walk anyway, playing Pokémon GO on my phone and swiping all the stops along the front of the hospital. A little strange to think there are so many animals here, and I’m walking around catching Pokémon. 

Behind me, an older lady walks to her car. She’s by herself, and sniffling a lot. I turn around to look and see that she’s crying. She’s holding an empty leash. I can only imagine what that means. 

I ask if she’s okay, and without really waiting for her answer I ask if she wants a hug. She nods, and I hold her. She sobs a bit. She hugs tightly and as she starts to let go she hugs a little tighter. She repeatedly says thank you. Thank you so much. For all you do to help the little ones here. I don’t respond, I just keep hugging her. I start tearing up, too. 

Eventually she lets go. I hold put my hands on her shoulder and give her a look to communicate that I share her sorrow. I’ve lost all ability to speak. I wish I could say something, anything. Offer her something more. But instead I watch her get into her car, and I turn and continue walking.
.
I misunderstood what a coworker asked me and gave him a response he wasn’t ready for
This is only my third week at my brand new job and I’m still trying desperately to fit in. To set the scene, I’m a younger female working in a professional office setting with mostly men. I have pretty bad anxiety especially since starting my new job but I’m finally starting to break out of my quiet/shy side and be more myself. Yesterday morning after I sat at my desk, a coworker came up to me and said, 

Him: Can I ask you a stupid question? Are you any good at rapping?

Me: I mean when I was like sixteen my best friend and I would memorize Big L and Eazy E lyrics and pretend to freestyle at parties because none of our sheltered suburban friends ever heard the raps before and assumed we were just awesome at free styling. Always old school rap. We thought we were pretty good. But I mean I would never do it now, especially in public.

Him: Oh. I meant *wrapping.* Like a gift.

We had a baby shower for a coworker yesterday so when he asked me that question for some reason I thought “rapping,” and wildly assumed he wrote a joke rap for her party and wanted me to help (I honestly have no fucking idea why my mind would ever go in that direction) but he wanted my help to wrap the gift he bought her. anyway I wanted to jump out the window immediately, tried to laugh it off and make a joke about it being “early” and “I haven’t had my coffee!!!!!“ and I’m praying to god he was so confused by my response that he wasn’t actually listening. 
.
I don't understand people who say they don't want to be stuck in a 9-5 cubicle job, it's the greatest thing in the world imo.
I work 8-4 m-f and I love it.  I get to sit my ass down in an air conditioned office and don't have to do any manual labor. I can take breaks it it's not busy and browse Reddit or anything else.  I love my cubicle and I love my job.
.
My father is a millionaire. Earlier this year, I found out that he's only leaving my siblings and I $10,000 each. I'm not even mad.
Who my dad was as a father was infinitely more valuable to me than any amount of money he could leave to me. He raised us to be disciplined and compassionate at all times. He was loving, wise, and always put other people's needs ahead of his own. And I want nothing more than to be like him.

The rest of his money is going to a few different charities. I will gleefully see that these endowments follow through as he wished, and will continue to give my own money to them in his memory.

I hope that each of you has someone in your life like this. If not, you can start by being that person to someone else.
.
I stood up for a lady on the bus a few weeks ago and pissed off the guy that was harassing her
I take public transit, and while I'm quite introverted on the bus I *love* to people watch. I usually have headphones in and just peer over my phone and check out conversations, phone screens, weird hats, (yes, I'm "that guy" but I promise it sounds more creepy than it is). I really enjoy all the different characters. There are lots of regulars, myself included.

There's a guy who tries to sell his bus pass... on the bus. Which usually gets  him kicked off the bus. There's a guy who refuses to sit down even when the bus is empty and tries to balance without holding onto anything. There's groups of sports fans and groups of kids that are probably way too young to be talking about what they're talking about. And there's Mary. I don't know her real name, because I've never talked to her, but she feels like a Mary. She's probably in her early 70's and is *maybe* 5 feet tall. She has short curly grey-blonde hair and wears nice matching pant suits, and she has some sort of facial mark. Her eyes were sort of melted shut and half her face was waxy and smooth while the other was red and grey. Super quiet, didn't make eye contact, and kids stared at her constantly.

That was Mary 6 months ago, lately I think she's had some sort of work done because her face looks so different! She disappeared for a while and now that she's back, she looks happier. She started wearing some makeup too so that might be part of the change, either way I'm happy for her. I really don't want to come across as judge-y and rude, I just needed to point out that I have seen this lady for 4 years and she's been a bit of an outcast in the town.

Back to the story though. When the bus is extraordinarily busy I take out the headphones so I can hear if people need to get behind me or around me to the door, and today was that day. People were packed in like sardines and the bus was full of it's usual characters, including Mary who was right beside me, I'm 20 years old and about a head taller than her. Someone comes down the stairs to the lower level where we're standing and starts talking loudly. He's sort of shaking, hopping from foot to foot. He is in his mid thirties but dressed like and edgy teenager and has the widest eyes I've ever seen; no one should be this excited to be on a bus. *NO one*. I'm pretty sure he was on something, or coming off something, or maybe he had some stuff going on in his brain that I wasn't equipped to diagnose. He was practically yelling when he sees Mary. He lifts his hands up and puts a hand on her shoulder. I'm paying close attention to him and her face and everyone else on the bus, who are all turning a blind eye.

He's yelling louder about sports and getting drunk and I'm sort of looking at this big guy behind our crazed friend. This guy is 6'5, built like a brick house, and has a lumberjack beard. POLAR OPPOSITE of me, the 5'5 girl trying to get his attention. He looks at me and shuffles backwards then turns around. Alright, cool. Friend is still harassing Mary and I try to make eye contact with him, maybe get his attention onto me and off of her. She's very uncomfortable at this point and holds up her hands as a reaction to him having his arm almost around her. He grabs her hand and squeezes, and she says (the first time I've ever heard her speak in 4 years)

"Please, stop" and he LAUGHS.

Alright, mother fucker. I'm usually pretty introverted but today had been a GOOD day and I wasn't going to let someone else have a bad one. I put my hand on his arm and he looked at me. "Dude, she asked you to stop. Let go." He seemed sort of shocked to hear that, and he let her hand go. Then he took his other hand and put it up to her shoulder again, ignoring me again. "Buddy, fuck right off. Get to the other side of the bus and keep your hands to yourself."

He gives me a cold glare and backs up, turns, and goes to the other side of the bus. No one cared, no one clapped, no one looked at me. Everyone was willing to let this happen to her, and I was a little upset about that. I asked Mary if she was okay and she said that he really hurt her, and I so asked if she wanted me to get her home. She honestly looked like she was going to cry and I don't know if it was from the guy, from me, or just the whole situation. She grasped my hands in hers and thanked me and we got off the bus together. She thanked me and we went our separate ways. I was honestly ready to punch a hole through that guy and I'm glad I didn't have to.

&#x200B;

So, yeah. Thanks for reading. I've never told anyone about that before because I don't know how to bring it up without being really weird. It was out of character for me but I've stood up for a few more people since then. I hope Mary is doing good, and I hope that she doesn't run into that guy again.

&#x200B;

EDIT: I don't usually edit my posts but a lot of people have commented on my writing, which is so nice, so if you want to read more I'm going to be posting more transit stories and fictional stuff over at r/1958writes :)
.
I just found out that the Afghan boy I taught his first German words is fluent now, has a job and will be able to stay here indefinitely. I am so happy
I am a teacher and taught a couple of Afghan women (ten or twelve) a few years ago at the height of the refugee crisis here in Germany (as in, I taught people who lived in a gymnasium and slept on cots). Even though I am a woman, it was difficult to connect with the women. They didn’t know the alphabet and only spoke Farsi, but there was a then 17 year old boy who came to every single class and basically helped out as a tutor. He came alone all the way from Iran where he was born (but had an Afghani passport) because his family sent him here. He had no future in Iran. After two months, he was almost fluent in German. He did basically nothing else but study all day. His dream was to become an engineer and stay in Germany. After he was suddenly brought somewhere else (this, infuriatingly, happened often - women I taught and had grown close to, whose babies I held while they wrote down letters and told me about their life (the boy translated) - would suddenly not show up anymore and the others told me they were relocated, often without any warning), we wrote on whatsapp a couple of times but then life took over, I had a third baby etc. 
Yesterday we met for the first time in three years and I‘m so proud of him. His German is fantastic. He finished school and is in a vocational training program. He joined it because he feared to be deported if he was just a student. In the meantime he got his approval to stay indefinitely and after his vocational training, he can go to university. He is so bright and such a joy to be around. I am so happy right now and apart from my husband had no one to tell, so I‘m telling you, reddit. :)
.
My country is finally free and I’m ecstatic!
For those that haven’t heard the good news yet, 93 year old dictator [Robert Mugabe resigned as Zimbabwe’s President ](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-africa-42071488?ns_mchannel=social&ns_campaign=bbc_breaking&ns_source=twitter&ns_linkname=news_central) today after massive protests in the country all week! I was born and raised in Zimbabwe and lived under his regime my entire life (I’m only 16!) but the amount of joy that’s reverberating throughout the streets right now is incredible. I know this isn’t a political forum or anything, but I just wanted to share my excitement for a new era in my country! I feel fantastic !
.
I walked in on my roommate cross-dressing, and my reaction was not what I expected
My roommate thought I was out of town on a trip with the rock-climbing club for MLK weekend, but it got called off for bad weather. I turned back around and headed to the apartment. Walked in, heard him taking a shower. Now we give each other shit all the time, so I thought it’d be funny to scare him. I hid behind a couch, ready for him to come out. He came out, walked into the hallway to a full-length mirror we have, and....WTF. He had shaved his legs, was wearing thigh high black socks and a short gray skirt, a neck choker, had dark lipstick on, and had his typical neck-length curly hair teased up into a more typical feminine style. The whole sight was shocking to me for a lot of different reasons—partly because of how well-executed it was. He has a lot of naturally feminine features and a thin frame, but clearly he has done this many times before.
Now since this guy really thinks he’s the shit (he’s a skinny dweeb, but a confident one), my first instinct was to jump up and embarrass him—this would be something my friends and I would never let him live down. But that didn’t really feel right. Instead, I snuck out to let him do his thing in privacy and texted him *”yo on my way back, trip cancelled”* while I got coffee.

The real confession is....I think he pulled the look off well...*really* well...and I’ve been thinking about it for a few days now. Feels very weird. He has just been kind of a bro to me for four years and now all of a sudden when I’m talking to him, I notice his lips are kind of a nice shape. That’s the first first time I’ve ever written something like that about a guy. The fucking son of a bitch got me.
.
I watched the world around me wake up
I woke up at around 4am this morning, rode my bike to one of the busiest Corners in my area (Chicago), and sat down on a bench near the road.

When I first got out there, there were no cars in sight, everything was completely silent except for crickets. It was quite beautiful to be honest.

Over the past two hours more and more cars started to fly by. It felt oddly satisfying to witness the world wake up. Watching the sky go from pitch black to a slight yellow, to a peach and blue gradient was also pretty cool.

Just thought I would share :)
.
So I fired one of my employees &...
I fired an employee a couple of days ago after he refused to take a drug test when he had an accident on the forklift (company policy). I've got him on the cameras screwing around & what looks like him on his cellphone too. The kind of funny thing that happened two days later is that he came back with his mother & they both demanded I give him his job back. They were both genuinely shocked when I told them "no" & showed the camera footage. 

"You can't record employees in here! The owner doesn't allow that! My son was talking to his fans!"

I'm the owner ma'am & I don't care who your son was talking too... he's still fired.

(She was still pissed. They both were)
.
Does anyone else get the "Fall Time Feelings" where they have a case of nostalgia during Fall/Autumn every year?
I feel like this happens to me every year when Fall comes around. It's like it produces something in the air that makes me feel really nostalgic. I do have some of my best memories during the Fall but I feel like getting this feeling around the same time every year is really weird and random. Sometimes I get this feeling in late Winter as well. 

Does anyone else go through something similar?
.
I am 34 years old. I JUST realized that in the song 'I saw Mommy kissing Santa Claus', she's actually kissing her husband who is dressed up as Santa Claus, not cheating on him with a mythical being.
Upon relaying this information to my spouse, he blew my mind AGAIN by  saying 'well it's just some guy in a Santa outfit, so she could still be making out with the neighbor or something.'

What are some obvious things that you realized embarrassingly late in life?

EDIT: Haha holy shit I just woke up and saw all the replies, there are some amazing stories here! You guys are awesome <3 
.
I ate watermelon for the first time and can't believe what I've been missing.
A bit of backstory: When I was a baby, my mom gave me a little piece of watermelon and accidentally almost killed me. Turns out I was allergic, and remained so for who-knows-how-many years.

For years and years, people have felt *so* bad for me when I tell them I'm allergic to watermelon. Like I was missing out on the best thing in the world. I was always skeptical... Yeah, it's a fruit. So what? How great can it be?

Then, last night, I had a margarita that (unbeknownst to me at the time) contained fresh watermelon... and nothing happened. So, when I got home, I grabbed a little chunk of it from my parents' fridge. 

Y'all... I **SEE** why people have been feeling bad for me all these years. Their pity was completely justified, and the veil has been lifted from my eyes. Watermelon is *exquisite*. Juicy, sweet, soft, crisp, fragrant, mild... What more could the human tongue ask for? Watermelon is perfect. 

10/10 will eat again
.
My 40 yr old husband of one year is sleeping with a college freshman...
That's OK! It's me!  I'm 44 and dedicated my life to my family. They are all grown and have lives of their own.  So I'm going to school.  The goal is psychiatric nursing!  Hopefully before I'm 50.
.
I finally found my dream job and I don't care that people look down on me for it.
In my 25 years of working (age 16 to 41) I have held many jobs. Cashier, waitress, call centre rep, secretary. I was working as a bookkeeper for a local company at $13/hr, but needed extra money and posted something on FB asking for advise. Someone messaged me back saying the local delivery company was desperate for drivers. No special license needed, just a car. So I went and spoke to the manager who hired me on the spot. I trained that night and started work the next day. After my first day I was quickly labelled one of their best drivers. When the bookkeeping job turned into a customer service job I wanted out. I was so unhappy. So I went to my boss at the delivery job and asked to go full time. He was overjoyed saying he needed good drivers during the day shift.

Now I work the hours of my choice and I can make double what I was making as a bookkeeper or a secretary. I am my own boss. I can do whatever I want between calls, wear whatever clothes I want, I only have to fake smile for 2 to 5 minutes, very little human interaction. I don't have to look busy when I'm not. I have no one breathing down my neck. I just wish I'd found this job sooner. Who knew my calling in life was delivering everything under the sun around my home town. I have never been so happy in my life. People may look down on me as "a delivery driver" but they have no idea I am way happier than them and make way more money than they do.
.
My cancer is in remission!!!!
Just after my 24th birthday I was diagnosed with non hodgkins lymphoma. I have completed 4 out of 6 treatments of chemotherapy, and had  PET scan to ensure my treatment was working.

 
I received a call this morning that my cancer is in remission and I'm so so happy!!! I still have to complete the last two rounds of chemotherapy so I'm keeping it quiet until then and I have the full 'all clear ', as the journey isn't over yet, but I'm dying to tell people!!  I am so happy, there is light at the end of the tunnel!

I've been so angry at my body for so long for becoming ill, its been hard to forgive it, but this news has made me so so happy and really given me a much needed boost to continue trying to love and appreciate my body no matter what!
.
English as second language speakers - stop apologizing for your English!
Especially stop apologizing if you’re still in your native country where English is not the primary language.

I’m American and I only speak one language. I tried to learn Spanish in school for my mandatory credit hours and it never stuck. I just don’t have the good ability to retain second language skills. I think *helado* is ice cream and I remember a few words here and there in a few languages. 

The  people I see here who apologize for their English do a great job, better than some native English speakers. And even if it’s “just passable,” you’re *multilingual,* which is wonderful.

My mother is foreign-born and would get made fun of for her heavy accent. When she immigrated, she learned English informally, picking it up as she went along. She speaks English quite well for learning it all on her own, and she has barely a primary school education from the rice farming village she came from. Those people who mock her only have one language, and sometimes a poor grasp of it. Mom knows *two.*

Maybe in the future science will develop a Star Trek style universal language translator so we can all understand each other. Meanwhile, thank you for reaching out to English speakers, whether learning it was mandatory in school, your own whim, or part of integrating into an English-speaking country. 

Happy Thanksgiving. Please take this American holiday and be thankful for anything you want to be thankful for, and enjoy quality time with family and friends. 

Please share your native language’s best greetings and well wishes!
.
It’s 7am. I’m snuggled up on the couch in my pajamas while my boyfriend makes us pancakes. Life is happy.
In the near 4 years my boyfriend and I have been together, we’ve never had work schedules where we both have the weekends off. We both worked in restaurants but I changed industries a couple years ago. He finally quit his job recently, and will have a M-F job like me. Just as the sun was coming up I woke up to him rubbing my back and snuggling me. Now he’s making his amazing pancakes for us (and a mini pancake each for the dogs because they’re spoiled) while I put on a movie.

We’ve never had consistent weekends/days off together. Just the occasional Saturday *if* he could get the day off. I’m so thankful that we get to do this every weekend now!

How’s your Sunday? :)
.
You’re looking at a girl who can do 10 whole push ups.
Before I say anything else, I *know* that’s not that many push ups. I know there are many, many badass women who could push up me under the table. But I also know that everyone experiences life differently, and accomplishments are relative. So I’m gonna celebrate this one. 

I fell off the work out wagon for a few months and recently got back into doing it regularly. I’ve been going strong for just over a month now, and today was the first day everything was actually noticeably easier. Went for a jog and felt great. Did my core routine and felt great.

And for the first time, I did 10 push ups without stopping. Full on, nearly flat to the ground, push ups. 10 of them. No breaks at 5 or 8 like I usually do. (When I did my 2nd and 3rd rep, I did have a little tiny breather but I completed all 10). 

I know it’s a small step, and I don’t want to gloat too much. I felt like anonymously telling the Internet was just the right amount of gloating :) it was painful and felt impossible at the start, but turns out if you stick to something, you really can get there!

Edit: spelling
.
My boyfriend is helping my mom make mashed potatoes for me right now.
On the evening of thanksgiving, I was involved in a vehicle accident. It was traumatizing and left me with a fractured spine, so I have lost nearly all independence.

Luckily, my boyfriend has been visiting almost every day since I was discharged helping me with changing, going to the bathroom, ambulating, and so on. I was craving mashed potatoes and mentioned we had a packet of instant mash downstairs somewhere so he immediately left to go find it. My mom noticed him looking for something and then suggested they make me some mash from scratch so now I am waiting listening in to their conversation about creating the “perfect” mashed potatoes and it’s very heartwarming. I’m grateful to be alive and to have a supportive family in my time of need.

Edit: this got so much more support and love than I expected! My boyfriend and I are sincerely so grateful for the best wishes and kindness! I haven’t been able to reply to all, but I really do appreciate that many of you took time out of your day to comment something nice and cheerful! Tomorrow I am seeing an orthopedic surgeon, so hopefully good news awaits!
.
My cat just woke me up by shoving a half dead lizard in my hand, and I've never felt more violated.
I'm so outraged. I was TRYING to have a nice Sunday lie in, and so I left my window half open to be courteous to the small bastard I share a home with. When I don't, he alternates between yowling at me to come in and cuddle with yowling at me to go out and murder things. So I'm sleeping the warm pleasant sleep of a kind and loving owner, when I kinda become aware of something being pressed into my hand that's kinda cool and rubbery and string like. This description fits nothing I know, and so I blearily open my eyes to look at what I'm holding. 

It's a fucking  lizard staring at me from my loose fist.

Naturally I scream and try to hurl it away, but it's not dead enough for that to work so somehow it clutches on to my comforter. So I scream curses and try to shake out my comforter, but it's little cold blooded claws are holding on firm so I only manage to shake it somehow closer to me and near the curtain. The entire time my cat is just sitting on the bed, watching this whole production with the disinterested contentment he just stole from me.  So I try grabbing him and throwing him closer to the target, but for the first time in his life this little idiot is apparently not full of murderous rage for moving things smaller than he is, and just stares blankly at it. When the lizard moves onto the curtain, I use the opportunity to stuff the whole thing out the window and beat it against the side of the house until the lizard drops away and scuttles off. My cat lays down on the newly stripped bed and thumps his tail in happiness. 

Please tell me your Sunday started better than this.
.
I (F) grew up rural and was always intimidated when going to The Big City. I felt ‘not good/cool enough’. Now I work in Times Square NYC, and every time I see someone with ~that~ look on their face, I compliment their outfit. I can tell by their smiles that it makes them feel good
My family and I would go to the big city a few times a year for things you couldn’t get in our town (mostly clothes and appliances and such). I remember we’d always put on our Sunday best and, especially as a teenager, I’d always worry that people looked at me and thought less of me because obviously we weren’t as fashionable as them. My mom used to be scared to go into fancy stores and upscale department stores, thinking they’d look down on her (I don’t think they did though). Now, when I see a girl or woman on my way to or from work, (lots of tourists there),I can sometimes see the same look on them, and saying something like “I love that dress!” Or “omg cute shoes!” In passing, and seeing their reaction makes me feel happy. It might be dumb, but at least harmless?

EDIT: My first Gold!!! Thank you, whomever it was! YOU are Gold and made me so very happy!!

EDIT 2: and now Silver!? I don’t deserve this, but none the less am picturing myself swimming in virtual precious metals, like Scrooge McDuck. Thank you for making me feel special!
.
I️ just called the National Suicide Prevention Lifeline for the first time
i never thought I’d actually call them. Tonight was supposed to be my last night. I got everything ready and just before I was about to start, I wanted one last person to talk to. So I googled their number (I know the rapper Logic made a song about it but never remembered the number) and I made the call. I normally have trouble really opening up to anyone. I tend to not want people knowing how I feel. I got connected with a guy who sounded like he was in his later 30’s and really was not who I was expecting either. I had a light conversation with him at first just because I was lonely and it was nice to hear someone’s voice. I decided to tell him that this will be my last night. And what conversation followed next was something that I really didn’t anticipate for. After the call ended, I broke down and really couldn’t believe that I was so close to not waking up in the morning. Two of my friends have committed suicide this year and if only they had called what I called, I still would have those two friends. 



I came here to tell you guys about it because I have no one else to tell it to. Honestly, you can ask me anything and I’ll probably answer it. I’m open to any questions or discussion. If you have anything more personal, you can dm too 

Edits:

The number for the National Suicide Prevention Lifeline is 1-800-273-TALK (8255). If you’re going through anything, and you really think there is nothing left, just call them. I wouldn’t be here right now otherwise. 

I want to thank everyone for coming to me to share their life stories

I will be replying to all dm’s, pm’s, and comments.
.
My new boss has a first grader that comes to my office after school. Apparently this little guy liked me, and he lets me know about all the gossip about me.
I have started working in an accounting office recently. It's rather a family place with flexible working hours and a relaxed atmosphere. We even have kids sometimes, my boss has a first grader, and after school he comes to the office for 2-3 hours until boss goes home. The first days I started working here, I noticed that the kid was being neglected. His aunt is my co-worker, but she wants to be left alone to do her job. Other coworkers have no family bond with him so they dont really give him much attention. My boss usually has too much shit going on, so he cant take care of him either, which is sad. Anyway, this kid sort of looks like me, but without the glasses. If any of my acquaintances saw me with this kid and I told them that he was my son, they would buy it (it's a joke I'm dying to try). He is also into gaming, and even uses some slang words that I use myself (I didnt teach him, he knew them before I met him). So I sort of bonded with this little guy and apparently he liked me too. Now when he comes to the office, he sits next to me. I urge him to do his homework and keep a little eye on him while I work. Nobody, not even his father, can make him sit down and do his homework, but there you go - he sits down and does his best to finish it. He also brings me sweets, candies, and even insists on sharing his chocolate with me. 

With all my coworkers except my boss being females, I'm aware that at least some amount of gossip is going on about me. It's a fact that I accepted when I first started, and it's really no problem. But last week, this kid took it personally when his aunt said that I "only work for myself" when I was outside on business. When I came back to the office, he said it out loud in front of everyone, and even pointed his aunt with his fingers. He also told me each of my coworkers responses to his aunts' opinion, again in front of everyone. With all my coworkers' faces going full red, and me giggling on my desk, we moved on. None of us mentioned this ever since. 

On a final note, I have a fear of children and I usually try to stay away from kids. After this incident I'm a bit nervous around him, since this can happen in other ways too. But then, I have bonded with him, which sort of helped me ease up. I dont know how to express it, but it feels weird when you're the only one that can speak some sense into a kid. I know that he's watching me and learning how I do things, so I be careful about how I do them. It's amazing how a kid can change you.

Edit: HOLY COW! I had no idea this would blow up like this. Thanks for all the support guys, for the first time in my life, I know that I'm doing something right.

Edit 2: Thanks for my first reddit gold, I have no idea what it is but thanks indeed.
.
A boy complimented me for the first time ever! Made my day :)
So I'm a 17 year old female and I just got my first ever compliment from a boy. I know it sounds dumb but it made me super happy. I'm kind of a major tom boy and a lot of people mistake me for a boy or a lesbian. The only compliments relating to my appearance or generally flirty have either been from other girls or boys on the internet who have no idea what I look like and are being thirsty. Yesterday, my friend was saying how this cute boy was winking and smiling at her and I got a little sad because I know stuff like that wont happen to me very often, because of my appearance. I'm not insecure, I love my style. I just know that it's going to be a little extra tough for me in the dating sphere. 

Anyways, that kinda got me down for a bit (I'm also a hopeless romantic so that doesnt help lol). Then today, I was just scrolling through instagram and I saw this guy's pictures and I though "hey he's actually kinda cute." I don't know him irl, but we used to talk on the internet a few years back and we still follow each other. I even thought about commenting but didnt. Then, I posted a picture on instagram. They were just photos of myself smiling, like candids I guess lol. Then, 20 mins later, that boy commented on it saying I'm cute! That's the first compliment a boy my age has ever given me and it made my entire day. 

So happy rn!!



Edit: This is the happiest that reddit has ever made me, I think. You guys are all really sweet. I've never posted to this sub but it's quickly becoming one of my favourites. This made my day so happy. Thanks for all the kind words!
.
It's 5 AM on my 24th birthday. I'm in my last year of law school, in love with an amazing man, and about to submit my first brief to the United States Supreme Court
I couldn't be happier. In the last year I've wrangled my mental health and I'm in a better place than I've been in years.


In the moment these accomplishments seem insignificant to work and time put in, but they're huge. 


What is something going well in your life now?

Edit: I've gone through the comments and tried to respond to everyone. If I missed you I'm sorry! I'll be hanging around and continuing to cheer you guys on, give pep talks, advice and celebrating the great things going on in your lives!

UPDATE:

Many people asked about the brief I was working on. I will not identify the exact brief for privacy purposes but here is the Supreme Court link to the case, Allen v. Cooper. All of the Amicus briefs filed are at the bottom. I wrote one of them ;)

https://www.supremecourt.gov/search.aspx?filename=/docket/docketfiles/html/public/18-877.html

I am happy to answer all questions you have about it, except those that would identify the one I wrote.
.
I said no to opiates, twice.
Little history, am an addict, dilaudid is my jam.  Love that shit, but it controlled me. Got off with suboxone, currently have been off that for 2 weeks.

Yesterday I had some dental work done. Dentist couldn't save a tooth (I neglected myself for a LONG time). The tooth broke, he had to dig, drill, and chip those fucking roots out! 

Novocain wears off quickly on me, so I got a crap-ton of shots.  Anyway, afterwards the dentist had me a prescription. I ask what it's for, he told me i would be in pain after the Novocain fully wears off and "this will help". I told him to shred it! I didn't take the Rx. He asked if I was sure a couple times. 

Driving home, I'm swollen and in a lot of pain! I passed right by my old dealers house, kept my eyes straight! 
Didn't stop, but oh I wanted to. 

Just kinda proud of myself. Thanks for listening internet strangers!

Edit: Holy crap you guys! Thank you for all the love and encouragement! I'm "new" to reddit and this was my second post ever. I really wasn't expecting anyone to see, read, or care. I just wanted it let out, for it to be known in the universe! Thank you all. 
As I understand it, I thank the kind strangers for the gold too! Thank you internet people!!!!
.
I held someone's hand today.
Was hanging out with some female friend, got distracted with my phone and felt her squeezing my hands and let go. Out of instinct I grabbed her hand back seconds later just to feel her suddenly stopped walking. Turned out I just grabbed a random middle aged lady's hand in what must have looked like the worst kidnapping attempt ever. Good thing she just decided to act like nothing happened and walked to another direction, leaving me wanting to chop my arm off and my friend losing it. 

Another lovely story to cringe to myself before bed time. 
.
Celebrating a $40k raise by myself
Recently graduated school and went from making $18k/yr to a little under $60k.

All it took was completely relocating to a place where I don’t have any friends.

I’m celebrating tonight with a cheap hotel (with a hot tub nonetheless), some booze, and some Doritos. Why? Because I’ve earned this shit.
.
I saw two of my friends in our social circle kiss each other in a club.
As a bro, I certainly am happy. 

One of our friends is a girl and is the only one in our circle of friends.

We have been noticing how she's been acting around our tall and good-looking friend.


I decided to play my part: we were in her house drinking. She was offering the rest of us guys to stay over the night. But me and my friends decided to leave them behind to be alone, so they can "develop".

Fast forward a few weeks later, we were out in a club, having a grand old time. 

The two separated from our group and what do I see from the corner of my eye?

Them, finally making out.

I did a little "boo-yah!" in my brain.

The last thing I saw was her dragging him away from the club. I think we all know what happened next.

I have no idea what they are planning, but they are planning to see a concert in another city. 

I hope they end up together so I can buy them mugs with song lyrics on it. So they can drink tea or coffee with it.


Just something cute to share.
.
I told the girl who took my coffee order she had pretty nails!
I got distracted by the girl’s yellow painted nails while placing my order.I thought about it for a second and decided to compliment her.We don’t compliment people enough.She smiled and said her mother thinks they look ridiculous.I assured her they looked really pretty and it felt nice talking to someone and complimenting them.
.
My wife's biopsy came back negative and she is cancer-free
Been worried the last 3+ weeks. She had something removed that had spiraled out of control in a very short period of time. We had very good reason from all of the doctors that this was gonna be it, and if so, pretty darn bad. If it was what they thought it was, there would be no coming back from something like that.

I've been there for her and been supportive but also been silently losing my mind. I knew if I showed weakness, she would just crumble, I've been doing my best. Nightmares, panic attacks, all that, trying to hold it in and process things.

I understand "part of the journey is the end", but I'm just so very glad it's not now. We have so much more life to live together (fingers crossed), and I can't imagine losing her. I'm still pretty shook besides the good news. But I'm very glad that what we had feared is not happening.
.
I'm finally back on Reddit after the government shut down the internet
Wow, I am finally reconnected to society! 

The Zimbabwean government had shut down all social media for several hours yesterday and then took it further by turning off the wifi nation wide all of today.

I didn't realise how lost we are without the internet, even though it was just about 36 hrs, having no connection with the outside world was humbling. I missed talking with people on Reddit about nerdy things that don't matter, I missed sending memes to my friends and I missed the freedom of information.

I hope it doesn't happen again and if the ministry is reading this I'll never see y'all on the web again- see ya!

Edit: thanks for all the messages! I would've loved to message everyone back but social media was shutdown again :P
.
If your socks are dry right now, take a second to be thankful
I spent the entire day yesterday, from 8am to 6pm, in wet socks. At one point I was simply walking across the college campus where I work and I stepped on a grass patch and my right foot sunk ENTIRELY into mud. Today, it's still cold and rainy, but my feet and socks are completely dry and I can feel the waves of gratitude and warmth radiating from them. Dry socks are a marvel.
.
My husband said I was his favourite person in the world, and not directly to me. My heart just about exploded.
My "husband" and I have been together for almost 13 years now. We aren't married (yet) but we have 3 amazing boys together and our relationship is better than ever. Though I do get frusturated sometimes by his lack of thoughtfullness. For example, he bought me the only thing I suggested to him for Christmas, and he didn't bother to wrap it. It wasn't a big deal, but I was a bit bummed he didn't make the efford to wrap it. But later that day at his sister's house he was talking about something we did earlier and made the comment "of course, because shes my favourite person in the world". It just reminded me that though he might not be wired to be thoughful in the way I would like sometimes, he loves me with all his heart in his own special way and I couldn't ask for anything more. I love you baby! 

EDIT: Thank you everyone for the sweet comments and advice. I appreciate you all! If you have that person in your life, go and tell them how special they are - its a superpower everyone has :) 
.
My autistic son was abused by a teacher’s aide
I posted part of this story in a [previous post](https://www.reddit.com/r/CasualConversation/comments/ceed2a/im_taking_my_exwife_and_her_husband_on_vacation/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app) and a few people asked me to expand. 

This is a tough story, and I get super pissed every time I tell it. 

I live in a small town-40,000 people. Small towns are great, but they are awful at facing their demons. 

Why son was diagnosed with autism when he was two. Over time, we realized that he was going to struggle because he could not speak. In Kindergarten and first grade, he had an amazing teacher. She did really great things with him. He learned to speak but only in memorized words and phrases. We still cannot have a conversation with him. Even yes or no answers are rehearsed and he doesn’t always give the correct answer. He’s a smart kid, but has severe communication deficiencies. 

His teacher left teaching to go to grad school at the end of his first grade year, so he got a new teacher—it was his first year in education. The year started okay, but the teacher was not great. He restrained my son several times. During this time, a TA was working with him. We really trusted her. She would talk about the things she felt the teacher was doing wrong. As a teacher myself, it felt wrong to have conversations with her about this, but it felt great to have someone on our side. 

Understand something about special education and restraint—we are required to sign paperwork saying that staff may restrain him to prevent injury to staff, students, or himself. Our problem was not with the policy, but with the frequency with which it was being used and the lack of reports we were given. The school acknowledged more than a year later that he had been restrained more than 100 times. 

We were baffled. His behavior at school and at home degraded so quickly. He was ok at home, but when we woke him up in the morning, he raised hell. He hated school. He was injuring staff members. While his behavior got worse at home, we were not seeing the violence. We felt like failures. We blamed ourselves. 

We tried different schedules. We tried therapy. We changed his diet. I took days off to sit with him in the classroom (something his teacher hated). 

Nothing worked. He progressively got worse throughout the year. That teacher left, and a truly excellent teacher replaced him the next year. Our request to the school was to keep the Teacher’s Aide in the classroom. We felt like we could trust her. 

It didn’t work. My son continued to have a melt down every time he was dropped off at school. He was still violent. 

I sat with my ex-wife and we broke down everything we were doing at home that could cause this problem at school, but we felt hopeless. Maybe we let him use technology too much. Maybe that was why he revolted at school. 

One night, my ex showed up at my door. Her husband kept all the kids so she could come talk to me.

She was sobbing. “I need to talk to you,” she said. She handed me an iPhone that used to belong to me, but I had given it to my son when I upgraded. She also had a list with specific times and quotes. 

She hid the iPhone in his backpack one day with the voice recorder on. She listened to it the next day as she cleaned her house. 

The TA we trusted so much was so awful to him. She hit him multiple times. We could hear the thump followed by him saying, “Ow!” She called him disgusting. She said, “Your mommy and daddy don’t want to see you anymore.”

He hates it when people sing. She did it multiple times just to mess with him. The other TA in the room did the same. They always did it when the teacher was out of the room. 

I was livid. The next day, we went to the police with the audio. A sergeant called two days later. They would not be charging her. The school fired her. She now works at the local hospital. 

We saw three lawyers total. The first yelled at my son. The next two refused to take the case. 

We chose not to sue the school mostly out of exhaustion and feeling a deep sense of defeat. Small towns suck. 

The good news: The school put my son in a classroom by himself for two years. They called his old teacher and begged her to come back. She did amazing work with him for two more years. 

He has had a different teacher for the last two years. She has also been amazing. 

It took four years to undue the abuse he suffered for two. 


TLDR: my son was abused for possibly two years by a teachers aide we trusted. He is better now, but that took a lot of time.
.
some people are one in a million; I'm one in twelve!
So check it out.  A month ago I was working out and the next thing I know, I woke up in the ICU several days later after having been in a medically induced coma.

&#x200B;

Turns out I experienced 'sudden cardiac death' and my heart completely stopped.  I was clinically dead but due to extraordinary luck, trainers at the gym immediately started CPR, mouth-to-mouth, and called 911.  Paramedics were on-site within 2 minutes and they all worked to save my life.

&#x200B;

I had a stent and defibrillator installed and I was home 5 days afterward.  I can't drive for 3 months and am on a lot of other restrictions but, hey, I'm fricken alive.  Unbelievable.

&#x200B;

Turns out that at most only 8% of the people that experience sudden cardiac death survive, and nearly all of the survivors do survive because they are already in the hospital.  Nearly none of those not already in a care facility survive, but I'm one of the very rare ones!

&#x200B;

I'm 60 years old and have dealt with a hereditary heart disease my whole life.  I have had 3 heart attacks, with the first one occurring when I was 26.  Oddly enough, that hasn't limited me in any way.  You can check out my post history to see what I look like and I think I look fairly normal.  People are always shocked to learn of my med history.

&#x200B;

This latest incident has really restricted my activities while l recover, so I'm bored out of my gourd.  That's why I'm posting here : - )

&#x200B;

EDIT:  To whoever gave me Gold, thanks Dude!  That made my day. 

EDIT2:  Wow, 2 more Golds, a Platinum, and a ‘this is neat’ award. Thank you very much!
.
It's a girl
After 4 years of battling infertility, 3 failed IVF rounds, discovering my wife has two uteri, and one surgery, today we found out at our 20 week scan I'm gonna be a dad to a little girl. 
.
I texted my husband after my afternoon hike to see if he wanted Chipotle. He called me right after he got my text to let me know he was already in the parking lot and was just about to call and see if I wanted anything. So we ended up just meeting at Chipotle and eating together. It was nice.
Chipotle is our favorite post-hike place to eat. We were going to go hiking together yesterday, but we got some unexpected rain and ended up just binging Netflix all day instead- so I guess we were both craving Chipotle after anticipating it yesterday. I love when coincidental stuff like this happens between us... except when we both bring home each other chocolate, and then we just have double the chocolate and eat too much of it. 


Edit: this is definitely not an ad. You can all probably look through my post history and see I’m just a regular redditor (who mostly posts here and in r/crochet because they’re relatively positive and wholesome subreddits). I guess I could have worded this post without mentioning what restaurant we met up at to ward off the assholes. 
.
Does anyone else ever upvote a post not because it's worth an upvote but because it's been downvoted undeservedly?
I'll often find myself seeing a comment which I wouldn't normally upvote at 0 or -1 and upvote it purely because I don't think it deserves downvoting
.
Someone just added me on snapchat
And sent me a snap saying that she's selling nudes. I snapped her back saying I'm looking for a PS4 if she's selling one of those.

I don't know if this is going to take your interest or not, but recently we celebrated my little brother's birthday. During the time when I and my parents were deciding a present for him, we almost decided on PS4 and then while we were on our way to the sony store for some stupid reason I started saying "one of the reasons to why I'm not forcing you over buying a PS4 is because I don't really find a reason to buy one. I mean, we can play the same games on PC too". And my mom was immediately like "alright then let's not spend a $400 on that damn machine." They bought a hoverboard for him instead. Sometimes I think we should just have bought the PS4 because I have always dreamed of one ever since I was a baby, but I'm working on saving some money so that I can buy one for myself within the next year. 

Update: she just sent another snap saying no she doesn't sells ps4. I snapped her back asking what else does she sells other than nudes. We are also looking for a sofa

Update: someone just got blocked.
.
Anyone else always look forward to weekends, but when they arrive, you find yourself sitting home doing nothing and wasting them?
 After a long week, I am always so ready for the weekend! However, when it’s finally here, I sit around, waste time playing video games, and just don’t get anything done. It’s only on the rare occasion that I actually will do something social. Anyone relate?
.
My gf fell asleep to me reading last night
2 nights ago, I lulled my girlfriend to sleep just by talking about stories from the past before I had met her, and she liked it, and I honestly had fun reliving some of those memories. So last night, she asked if I would read to her and I very excitedly agreed. I'm not great at reading, the sentence always has the same emotion no matter the context but, she still seemed to enjoy it a lot, she was paying attention and asking questions, and eventually, she fell asleep. When she woke up she thanked me and said she liked it a lot and asked if we can do it again. I don't know I just thought it was fun and really adorable and I wanted to tell someone, so, here Reddit! Hope you enjoy
.
I worked up the nerve to tell my wife something was bothering me
I got a raise at work and it was a big deal to me. I work hard, sometimes long hours, and I got the max raise I was eligible for so I was super excited.

When I told my wife I didn’t get much of a reaction. Our house is always hectic with two kids 3 and under, both of us working, etc, but really the only thing she said was that if she switched jobs and was getting less money (she’s job hunting because her current job sucks) we wouldn’t take as much of a hit.

That really bothered me because I was excited, and I always try to go out of my way to celebrate stuff like this for her and didn’t feel like I was getting the same thing back. 

I have a lot of trouble expressing my needs. I’m not sure what it is about me but I just have a ton of trouble telling people I’m unhappy with something. My wife and I have a great marriage despite that, god bless her, but sometimes it makes me let things fester.

But tonight I did it; I straight up told her I’d been really excited about the news and was disappointed she hadn’t been. She right away said that she was and she was sorry she’d been wrapped up in her own stuff too much to really express being happy for me.

This is a huge deal for me. I very rarely work up the nerve to say something like that. Relationships I’ve been in in the past it probably would’ve turned in to a fight, but my wife isn’t that way. I feel so much better now.

If you’re emotionally an idiot like me, take the leap some time and tell someone what you need.
.
I accidentally flashed a group of people at a coffee shop today
I was planning on going to a drive through, so I did not get fully dressed. I just slipped on a dress without undergarments as I wouldn't be getting out of the car. Well, the drive through was closed so I went to another coffee shop by my house, no drive through. Whatever, It's a hipster spot so I reckoned I would fit right in without a bra. I brave up and get out of my car.... right as a gust of Dorian wind blows my dress up and reveals my entire nethers to a crowd of 8-10 people. I manage to cover my fronts-bits and another gust exposes my rump. I got back in my car and went home. That'll teach me not to go commando!
Edit- Thanks kind stranger for my award! Also fixed my last sentence for clarity. Thanks for pointing it out.
.
I got engaged last night and haven’t been able to sleep
It was just supposed to be a casual date night that we try to fit in during the week.
Then we accidentally stayed up all night talking on our porch and he randomly walks inside, back out and asked me to marry him. 
He dropped the ring and it almost fell under the porch, he was so nervous and fumbling. 
Apparently he had a proposal plan for next month but he couldn’t wait anymore.
He can’t wait to marry me.
I’ve never had anyone love me the way he does.
I’ve never loved anyone like this.
I get to marry my best friend.

Life really does get better.
.
God bless those random small folks who make tutorials on YouTube!!!
You know the ones I am talking about! They barely have any subscribers and it's usually a video from like 2009. And, sometimes its the only video on their channel but it fits your exact problem to the t. Well, God fuking bless them!!!! 🙏🏼🙏🏼🙏🏼
.
I'm about to turn 60, and I still feel like I did at 25
I keep hearing about "adulting" and how hard it is. Well, it is hard and doesn't get easier.

At almost 60, I still get scared, overwhelmed and don't know what to do sometimes. I still have sleepless nights and wonder what the hell I'm going to do about some situations. The difference is I can use my experience in prior situations to assess the current one. Or, even better, I have a circle of family/friends/professionals that I can go to for advice. Ones that I trust, not the one on the next barstool or such.

But inside, I still feel like I'm 25! I like splashing in puddles, I sit in awe of a star-filled sky, I blow bubbles even when I'm not with the grandkids. I love shopping for new and different clothes in out of the way places, I still travel alone to places that interest me. I love to cook and try new things. I stay out late and sleep in sometimes, just not every weekend lol.  I take up new hobbies and endeavors because they seem interesting. I still reach out to strangers and make new friends, so that I don't get bored. And I LOVE a good whisky and the occasional drunk!

Everyone thinks  there is a magic age when you feel mature. It's not true. As you get older you get  more responsible and you learn how to deal with difficult things because you've learned. You've learned consequences of being irresponsible suck, you've learned to deal with difficult things because NOT dealing with them is more harsh in the long run.

Yeah, 'adulting' is hard and not fun plenty of times. But being irreverant, immature and irresponsible is a lot harder, a lot harsher and very damaging. It makes a happy life just about impossible.

All told, I'm very happy to be looking at my 60th birthday coming up! I've had a wonderful and interesting life full of amazing people and places. I've worked extremely hard to get where I am in life and I am enjoying every minute of it!

My children are grown and I now have the time AND the money to do just about anything that interests or intrigues me. I am not wealthy, I am comfortable.

 But that didn't happen magically, nor was it inherited or handed to me. It took planning and diligence. At times, it took a great deal of sacrifice and pain. During the recession I almost lost everything and I lived in a lot of fear during that time.  But I had already learned how to handle things.  It took learning to know what was a need vs want, it took learning to save and learning to invest.  I could have a fancy new car, or I could take that money and do something smart with it and settle for a really decent car.  I could rack up credit card debt that would take ten years to pay back for a trip to Europe for a month, or I could travel when I could afford it, make the trips smaller, and use hostels, mid range hotels, campgrounds, etc. There is no need to go dirt cheap unless you need to, but no need to create debt, for the same reason. So, in spite of the recession, I survived those tough financial times because I wasn't carrying massive debt for fancy, expensive wants. So I could focus my financial survival on what was within my means.

I've had fabulous experiences and travels and memories. I wouldn't trade it for anything! Life has been good to me, but it didn't happen without me preparing for it to be so. I've had some extreme difficulties, some serious challenges and a lot of tragedy in my life too, so it hasn't been sunshine and roses. Life never is. But it didn't make me lose focus, it didn't take me to the bottom, and it didn't cause me to burn bridges. I went through all of them, from the death of one child, through the mental health issues of another, and came out the other end a different person, but still one who finds a great deal of joy in life, rather than wallowing in the dark side of it.

I hope everyone feels this way when looking at their older years!

edit: I have to go off to my little retirement job now! Thank you everyone for the kind and wonderful thoughts! Have a loverly day!
.
I'm going to propose to my girlfriend later today!
My girlfriend and I have been together for a while and have talked about marriage for at least half the time. She's my bestfriend and I'm so excited to start planning the rest of our lives together.

After surviving one of the most stressful weeks of my life (family, work, etc.), I'm going to be proposing. I've planned the day with some out of town friends to surprise her and she has no idea. I know she'll love it but theres always that sinking feeling of whether she will enjoy the day. Crossing my fingers that everything goes down without a hitch!

I'm pretty nervous, but ecstatic to finally give her the ring. 

Interested in hearing other stories! Apologies in adavance because I'll not be able to respond for most of the day.

1st Update:

She never said "yes" but...she said yes. I was able to surprise her by tricking her into turning around as I pulled the ring out from my sock. 

When she turned around, she had tears streaming. Immediately after, a couple of her friends who were hiding in the bushes popped out and surprised her.

More tears. 

We preceded to take more pictures for about 30 minutes. It was a lot of fun. Then, we took an uber to a part of town where I told her we had a reservation for brunch. Little did she know, there were about 20 other friends waiting for us at a bar. 

When we got there, they all yelled surprise and the whole bar erupted. Yet more tears.

It was an incredible day and it couldn't have gotten any better. With the happiness, friends from different parts of my life, and family who came out to support, it was a blast. And it's not over.

I'm writing this knowing I'm not sober but wanted to let y'all know what happened. I will be spending my night with my new fiance and a great group of friends.

Thank you all for being super supportive!!

2nd Update:

Holy cow so many freaking comments!! I'll try and get to more of these tomorrow! I went immediately from proposing to drinking so I need some time to recuperate. But will get back to yall!
.
Anyone else wish it was more socially acceptable to run to places just be cause it's quicker?
Need to get to class all the way across campus? You will be there in half the time if you run there.  Excited that you finally got off work and can't wait to go home? Running to your car will get you there even quicker.  Or just in general you don't like wasting time.  Running everywhere would save so much time over long lengths of time.
.
I'm now cancer free!
I had a very worrying and (quickly) growing lump in my arm, and I got it removed yesterday! It wasn't glamorous, but it feels good to not have to worry about whether I'll make it to see my insurance rates drop at 25. Also, pain killers do a number on your mind. WEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE!


Edit: thanks for all the support, everyone! Shout-out to the kind stranger who gilded me! I appreciate it.
.
8 years sober today!
One day turned into days. Days into weeks. Weeks into a year. A year into years. And here I am 8 years in. 

It got easier every day that went by. But I do still miss it. 

If your trying to get something out of your life - smoking, drinking.... whatever it is that’s holding you back - you can do it. Just get through today. Worry about tomorrow.... tomorrow. 

Here’s to tomorrow!

Edit 1: my first gold!! Thank you kind Redditor!

Edit 2:  and my second gold! Thank you!

Edit 3: thank you for my 3rd gold!!

Edit 4: my first platinum! Thank you!

Edit 5: and two silvers when I woke up this morning. Thank you!

Edit 6: thank you for the pineapple!
.
Who else has random bursts of cringe when they think about their past?
My mind has been reminding me of the embarassing moments in my past and things I've said and done since I was a kid to now 
My shoulders tense inwards into my body and my toes curl and just ehhh. 
Anyone else do the same?
.
My wife scrolls this sub a lot. It would be really neat if she saw this.
The great part is even if she saw it.  She wouldn’t know it was her. We don’t share each others usernames. 

If you do manage to read this, know that you are the most amazing human I’ve ever had the opportunity of meeting.  At one point I thought I wasn’t good enough for you. I would never have a chance with a girl like that I thought. You gave me so much discomfort. I didn’t know how to act or what to say around you. I couldn’t even tell if I was being my self because I was so nervous. But after time and long talks. I realized the feeling was turning to excitement and anxiousness. Excited to see you again. Anxiously waiting for work to be over.  As time moved on and we moved in together. The feelings got stronger and more complex. This is where I was shown that love isn’t something you can say and be true. It’s something that takes over your whole life and consumes your thoughts.  Day dreaming becomes less about me and more about we. 
   But you’ve shown me sadness I’ve never felt anywhere els. Anger I couldn’t control at times. (Dry wall expert now) not proud of every moment in our story. But I’m proud to be in a story with you. I love you with all my heart. I don’t show it like I should when I should. But none the less I love you always and forever. 

I’ve left a few hints in this. But I’m pretty sure it will be removed so probably all for nothing. How often does you wife or husband tell you how much you mean?  And what’s the most romantic or cute thing y’all have done?  I’ve been married for a bit now. And I can say things get dry after a while and kids come along it gets hard. Let’s have a discussion about relationships. Casually lol. Keep it PG y’all. Also upvote. I wanna see if this gets to her or not. Ask your spouses if you read this. You never know.   Also reddit gods if you could not remove this be awesome. Thanks 🙏

UPDATE!:  she found it. And I got a huge laugh out of it. She said the way it is wrote gave me away.  Apparently she knows me so well she knows my writing. I feel blessed. And have had an amazing start to a day. Thank you to everyone who helped get it up there.  
  Never stop doing cute stuff. If it feels uncomfortable do it. Chances are it’s right. Your brain is just scared.  I challenge you to do one cute Corny thing a day for someone you love.  Post your experience in the comments. Let’s share the stories and ideas.

Update again:  who ever gave the award you are amazing. I’m trying to explain to my co workers (farmers and country folk in there late 40s on up to 73 years old). They are like someone gave you gold on Facebook? No I’m on reddit and I got an award. They are confused and just say good job. Anyways I’m excited. Never did I think this post would blow up. I thought I’d have to forward it screen shot it and send it to her if I wanted her to read it. Reddit is truly an amazing social media. Thank you 😊
   Now a silver?  Guys come on. I’m trying to work here. And i keep getting all these amazing updates and notifications about this rare time I open up. It’s made this whole experience ecstasy. I can’t explain it. But hearing your words and stories and hearing how this post of mine makes you feel. I didn’t know it would be like this. Usually people just down vote my post and tell me to go back to Facebook.  Thanks for being so wholesome guys and gals.
    Another gold?!? Wtf I didn’t even notice the message my phones going crazy. Thanks. I don’t wanna not acknowledge the amazing gesture. I feel rude. Is it normal to update and say thanks? Idc if it isn’t. I’m still going to say thank you. That’s someone using their earned coins and giving them to you. That feels good.

  A Platinum award really?!?! Who the? What? Thank you. Im over here eating my roast and veggies for an early lunch and these notifications flood in About platinum award. Y’all are gonna make me choke. I don’t have anyone that is into reddit really. I want to be like look at this but in stead I’ll just smile and eat my food. Thanks for the joy :).
.
I used to judge people for their “weird” orders at Starbucks. Decaf, soy milk, no foam, extra sirup... “Can’t you drink a normal coffee like everyone else you freak”. But today it changed.
I developed intolerance to lactose and caffeine so today for the first time in my life I had to order a special coffee - lactose free decaf latte. 
And now I’m embarassed for all the times I silently judged people in Starbucks for their unconventional choices. I’m sorry, stranger.
.
Im proud of myself
Hi, im 16 and due to mental illness i have a hard time getting the motivation to do things, but today i did the dishes, vacumed, and cleaned the litter box.  I know it might not seem like much to alot of people but my mom was super happy and proud, and i am to.
.
I stereotyped a stereotype and was wrong
I sit in my car as this just happened minutes ago. Im a young (21) black male and I was walking back to my car pretty late (11pmish) when I realized that across the street from me was a fairly attractive lady. 

She was walking on the side of the street that I needed to cross to, 2 blocks from my car. I started to slow down and realized she might think I’m trying to creep up on her. 

Then, I thought about running across the street, but knew that would be seen as terrifying. I didn’t know what to do without being stereotyped.  Then she yelled at me. 

Her:” Hey, do you know where the bus station is? I’m not from around here.” 

Me: “Yeah, it’s just a couple blocks back and one to the right.” 

Her: “Oh thank you so much, my GPS has been acting up. Have a good night!” 

Me: “Thanks, you too!”

I was honestly very happy with how she didn’t fear me, then instantly ashamed of how I thought she would. After landing back on happy, I wanted to tell someone, so here you go Reddit.

Edit: Wow, this blew up over night! Thanks to everyone who has kind words and advice, and I’m loving everyone else’s similar experiences! I’m trying to get to everyone’s replies!
.
Have you noticed ....that this sub has quirky quotes when you Upvote?!
Have you noticed that when you upvote on this sub, there's a different message on the arrow?!  I noticed mine said, "wumbo" and "I'm drunk, so I upvoted".  This is awesome!!

I wonder how many quirky quotes are out there?!  Could you upvote and post the message you saw.  :-)


EDIT:  This is great how we are all upvoting everyone.  Keep upvoting and maybe a new quirky quote will show up.  The mods were clever in how they created this!  :d
.
I skipped to a random point in a random video on youtube and I was in it
I was trying to show my friend a bar/music venue I'd been to, so I found a promotional video of it from a few years ago, skipped forward about halfway, and I was right there on the screen. Apparently I was there on the specific day they were recording the footage. So I suppose I had proof that I wasn't lying about going.

Just an unexpected coincidence
.
Does anyone else open up incognito whenever you're looking up a dumb question so that you won't risk people rummaging through your device and finding out that you didn't know a certain thing?
I like to say that I am... accepting of my naivete (yes, I just opened up an incognito page to look up whether or not I was using that word correctly).

For the longest time, ctrl+shift+n has been my best friend when surfing the net. The last thing I'd want is to risk my friends finding out that I didn't know what a certain word meant (I was just *checking* to make sure that I wasn't using it incorrectly, geez!). I also don't want to risk people finding out about embarrassing questions/statements like, "is [this] bad for keto?" or "how to have more self-confidence". 

Anybody else do this, or is this just me? lol
.
Found out at 4am that I'm pregnant! No one is awake to tell!
I'm 41. I was diagnosed infertile at 21 and never used protection in my first marriage, so my second husband went into our relationship fully reconciled to not having kids. Two and a half years ago, we found out I was six months pregnant- after I felt the baby move. We lost our son to stillbirth a month before he was due. Seven weeks after we got out of the hospital, I was pregnant again. Seven weeks after that, I had a miscarriage. 

It's been two years, and the anniversary of our son's death is December 23rd. It's been a tough two years. Our minds unravelled, we lost jobs, and we've been working very hard this year to get back on our feet. We're living with my elderly aunt, an arrangement we planned to have last until September 2019. I'm due mid August, so I guess our projected budget's going to change a bit!

We told Auntie this morning and to my great relief, she was thrilled. She told us she's seen how hard we're working to put things back together and that she has no fear of me being pregnant or the housing situation going unresolved. Her trust means everything to me. 

Now I'm waiting for my mother to wake up. She had infertility issues throughout my childhood, and hurt for me when I went through my own. She was my husband and I's teammate during my surprise pregnancy and sudden loss- she's going to be thrilled now too. ANd then the anxiety will set in about us living with my Aunt. I hope that doesn't ruin the happy.

I'm not worried. We've been very open that we weren't trying to conceive but given my age, we didn't want to avoid pregnancy since it's been so hard for me. Even if I lose this one, knowing two years ago it wasn't just a fluke is an amazing feeling. 

I just needed to ramble as I'm sitting here vibrating waiting for the world to wake up. Happy Monday yall!

EDIT: Thank you, so much, all of you. I'm humbled and it certain has helped to sweep any anxiety aside. My family is thrilled from top to bottom, got both my mom and aunt to sob with joy. Goal accomplished! I'm going to relax into some video games to soothe my nerves. You guys are amazing!
.
Having bad teeth doesn't make you a bad person
I just wanted to say.
I'm a dental assistant and we have so many amazing patients who have bad teeth.
You're not a bad person for having tooth decay! 
I feel like there's this social construct that says that anyone with bad teeth is poor or stupid or "bad" because they have bad teeth!
It's simply not true. Dental care, especially in the USA is incredibly expensive. We get that, please don't be too ashamed to see a dentist.
In fact my boss loves bad teeth. (She won't wish it upon you but it means she gets a challenge!)

This post is to say, please don't neglect your dental health because you're ashamed. I've seen worse, please come in! We want to see you. thanks. Also change your brush now
.
I just performed CPR on my neighbour and got him firing again.
He is an older chap, it looks like he suffered a heart attack. I lost him three times and each time I got him back. By the time the ambulance arrived he wasn't firing again but they managed to resusitate him. This was quite the experience I didn't need! First Aid training didn't prepare me for the screaming wife, the horrible death rattles and the whole thing but it did teach me enough to save a life. I reckon he owes me a Christmas beer!!

Update: His wife and two kids just came around to thank me very much and to say thay he is now stable at the hospital. I am crying like a baby!

Edit: I am a builder, not a doctor. There has been some discussion between doctors here about what went down so I thought I'd clarify my wording a bit. I've no idea if he suffered a heart attack or what but he was unresponsive, not breathing and no pulse when I got to him. He had recently been released from hospital for a stent. When I say I lost and got him back, he started breathing deeply on his own three times, each time I put him in recovery, he'd stop breathing before I could find a pulse, I'd start CPR again. He was completely unresponsive when the ambos came, my father in law told me he was sitting up in the ambulance (I was in the kitchen freaking out!). I posted here wanting to offload and share my big, somewhat scary experience with a few kind strangers. The love and positivity I've received has been amazing. Stay brilliant all you beautiful bastards of Reddit. Finally, awesome job mods for keeping the trolls and haters at bay. Over and out.
.
Am I the only one who feels much more comfortable using Reddit then any other social media out there?
I mean hear me out; I get that Reddit can be really flawed and very toxic at times- much more then other social medias. But even so, unlike other platforms out there, I feel as if I’m more comfortable using Reddit. For one, there are SO many diverse subs. You can go from watching cats sit on trucks to literally bread stapled to trees. Such diversity makes Reddit so fun to browse (not to mention how easy it is to find a sub like that). Not to mention how easy it is to get involved in a community. Unlike places like Facebook or instagram, I don’t really need irl friends to find a place where I can comfortably talk/post- on Reddit as long as you post decent content you can spark up a conversation and gain traction. I’m not saying that Reddit is the best SM app out there, nor will it ever be, but I feel as if it’s certainly better and more welcoming to me.
.
I just realized 'Black Panther' is a superhero movie, not a historical drama about the '60s Black Panther organization.
I am not a huge movie person, especially not a comic book movie person. I had no idea this is what the movie was about. Never saw a promotional ad, picture, commercial. I figured it was one of those Oscar-bait historical dramas. Then I just saw a picture of the main characters in costume.....not the outfits I was expecting! 
.
I'm so happy today I'm so close to 1000 karma
I don't know what that means to you but I like smallest of social appreciation. Makes a man's day sitting alone in the house for days. When I get to 1000 karma I'm thinking about going out and have pasta.

Edit: Updated below.
.
My grown, business man neighbor is riding a unicycle up and down his driveway
My husband randomly bought a unicycle at Goodwill recently and to no ones surprise, decided it would be better to sell it since he wasn’t getting the use out of it that he thought he would. 

We had a yard sale a few weeks ago and one of our neighbors came over to check it out. He picked up the unicycle and said he’d take it. My husband and I laughed thinking he was joking... he wasn’t.

Fast forward to right now: My neighbor is currently dressed in his work clothes- dress pants and a button down shirt, riding said unicycle up and down his driveway... pretty well I might add!

I was having a rough day, but seeing a grown ass man casually ride a unicycle in business attire was everything I needed to see tonight. 

Don’t take life too seriously, kids
.
I'm 31 years old and I finally got my drivers license!
Embarrassing I know.... but I am a single mother and after I took my son on the bus where the bus driver refused to stop when I couldn't close my stoller while I held my baby.... I promised my son I would get my license so he won't have to go through that again and here I am!!! Soooo happy!!

So many things have changed now ❤

Edit: Thank you so much for the gold, silver,gifts and all the love!! It also feels good to know I'm not the only one!

I live in Los Angeles where there is a lot of public transportation so I never felt the need to drive. But that all changed when I had my son. Last time I took my son to a museum on Uber and I had to take the car seat with me. It was so hard and a group did laugh (they were young so it's ok). But now I don't have to do that anymore. Tears I tell you! Lol

Edit: So many wonderful responses. And to all those struggling with driving, keep trying and I wish you the best! It is worth it ❤
.
Saw a back to school ad on tv and immediately felt anxiety, until realizing I graduated years ago.
I was just  working on some stuff when a commercial came on for back to school. For some reason I got anxiety and started thinking "oh damn wtf it's only July."  But then I suddenly realized I was no longer in school and felt a wave of relief. Those days were usually a very stressful time for me, and I suppose I even associate commercial ads with it. Overall, It's amazing how fast time flies lol. Anyone else have funny or interesting stories of relief?
.
Kung fu Panda saved my life.
When I was going through a severe clinically depressive time in my 20s, I was very inactive. Mostly, I would lock myself in my apt and avoid everything.

When I first watched this movie, it made me laugh for the first time I quite a while. I remember feeling something other than despair. 

Thus began my path to betterment. I would watch it multiple times a day. It would be in the background ayong as I prepared myself  for the day, while I cooked, while I studied, and everything inbetween.

It wasn't only the humor. It was also the message. There is no secret ingredient to happiness. I internalized this and it really seemed to help. 

Fast forward multiple years, and this movie still hits me in the feels. It makes me emotional when I watch it. 

I LOVE Kung Fu Panda!
.
The best joke I’ve ever made

Ok so one day me and my boyfriend were watching a movie and Steve Gutenberg came up. My boyfriend mentioned Police Academy and Cocoon and I reiterated I’d never seen them. He laughed at me and said something along the lines of “what kind of childhood did you have?!” And then I came up with the best line of my fucking life:

“I guess my parents raised me on a....Gutten - free diet.” 

I then proceeded to laugh snort at that for an inappropriate amount of time, and fart so loud I traumatised his dog. 

We are no longer dating. 

It was worth it. 

Thank you for reading.

EDIT: TY for the gold kind stranger!!!! Now I’m laughing all over again. heh heh heh. Ahhhh Gutenberg, you’ve done it again.
.
Went to a nightclub again by myself. UPDATE
So the other day I wrote on here about some guys picking on me in a night club and it made me feel like a loser.

I have the week off work so I decided to go out again as its cheaper on a weekday.

I went into the club again and bought a drink.

I went outside in the smoking area and got chatting to a woman. We danced all night and exchanged numbers and I am meeting up with her this week. 

I also bumped into my other friends which I haven't seen in months later on in the night and had an amazing time.

I wasn't going to let them guys stop me from going out and I'm glad I didn't as I met a really great girl and had an amazing time.

Thanks for everyone's support in my first post and giving me confidence to go out again.
.
2019 has been the worst year of my life so far
So during these 44 hours of 2019 my lucky ass managed to:

fall of the stairs, crushing my ankle, breaking my foot

have a head injury and mild concussion

and (just fucking 30 minutes ago) pour soap into my eyes

I am literally dying, help
also weather is just awful


This year is off the right foot (only one)

E: thank you so much for platinum, I hope you’ll have a great 2019!
.
I just walked into Home Depot after work, and one of the employees asked me if I was doctor (because I was wearing scrubs) when I replied “Yes” he said “Hell yea! Keep up the good job saving lives man!” And that completely made my day.
It’s been a rough month, been super busy at work and had very little time at home, and even less with my wife since she works a lot as well. It was just very validating to have someone say that out of nowhere. 

Edit: Wow! Gold?! I don’t even know what to do with that, but I hope that the fact that someone felt like throwing some real dollars down here means it brought them some joy as well. There’s too much negativity out there - we need more people like this Home Depot dude that sprinkles us with joy - he’s definitely the one that deserves the gold. Thank you very much. If I see him again I’ll show him this, and buy him a beer or something. 

Edit: Been fielding a lot of questions about wearing scrubs outside of the hospital, which is an absolutely valid question; [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/CasualConversation/comments/aq0vii/comment/egd5dw0?st=JS3ENGIL&sh=952dcebd) is my response to that. 
.
To the girl in the community college cafeteria, I totally just saw you hit yourself in the face and laugh.
Your phone was caught on something, so you did what any normal human would do. Pull harder! You did, and inevitably punched yourself right in the mouth and then laughed at the hilariousness of that moment. I shared with you that laughter even though you didn't think anyone saw you. I'm glad to have been part of this incredibly adorable human antic. I also I really like your outfit today.
.
How I accidentally learned how to speak English
(I'm a 14 yrs old Brazilian male, for some context)

I knew nothing about the English language until my mum accidentally bought the wrong tickets for Star Wars VII. I had to watch it in English, and I surprisingly liked it!  My interest in English began by accident.

During 2016 and 2017, I slowly, but surely, got a little better. Only watching movies with subtitles and some YouTube in English. Not much, but honest work.

But, in early 2018, I joined overwatch forums. There, I wanted to contribute to the discussions, instead of just reading the community raging over some character. *I wanted to rage too*. So I began using Google Translate to make sure what I was writing made sense. I evolved a ton there. It took my lack of skill to join the forums, and I am grateful for that.

Then, last year, thanks to The Snap, I decided to join Reddit. Here, I learned the most. Got vocabulary, learned the casual language, got into meme culture and, most importantly, began writing in english *without Google translate*. 

My peak English was making a paper about Ireland some months ago. *I only researched in English*, never even got close to a site in my mother language. I read about the culture, geography, history and society of Ireland, all in English. It had *25+ pages*, while most other papers had less than 10. 
Then came the PowerPoint presentation about Ireland. I presented all the 23 slides alone, without reading anything. Of course I'm not fluent, and still have a lot to learn, but I was so proud of what I did. 

All the time spent here, all the movies and series in English, all the research, thanks to a wrong ticket. 
(Please point out any English mistakes, I still have a lot to improve)

Thanks for reading.

Edit: Thanks for the silver, random redditor!

Edit²: Thanks for the GOLD, random redditor! First time I'll enjoy Reddit without ads!

Edit³: Well, it's kinda late, but I decided to read all the 200+ messages before editing the post.

So firstly, thanks for ALL THE AWARDS, random redditors! 

Secondly, Thanks for all the kind messages! I wasn't able to answer all of them, but I'm flattered to read such nice words from you guys! 
Once again, thank you. Truly.
.
Does anyone else have to sing the ABCs while categorizing alphabetically?
I hope I’m not the only one that does this. I have to start all the way at A and sing until I get to the particular letter. Like, am I dumb or is this actually common?
.
I made it into med school!
I’ve been struggling a lot this year with my mental health and things are starting to look brighter! I’m coming to the end of my PhD and I got accepted into med school! Just wanted to share 😊 many lovely people on reddit and many helpful subs have helped me through some difficult times!

Edit: wow!! I feel so blessed and overwhelmed! Thank you for all the support AND THANK YOU FOR THE REDDIT GOLD u/zvish AND THE REDDIT SILVER ANON!!! *internet hugs to all*

For those asking, I’m 23!! Feel free to follow my journey on insta - @haninthelab if you’d like!! Would love to make more friends and support each other to achieve our goals! I know how intense the journey can be!!

Edit: thank you all for the love! Will get to everyone’s comments when I can!! Thank you so much!!! ❤️❤️❤️
.
Woman stopped next to me at a red light yelled at me to tell me I'm beautiful.
I (26f) have been struggling lately with major self-esteem issues. A few months ago I broke out in cystic acne all over my entire face, and gained about 30lbs in a short period of time. (Attributing both of these things to possible hormonal issues) I paid my Mother a visit today and had a little bit of a breakdown regarding feeling like crap about myself. I know it's superficial but anyone with acne, especially as an adult, can attest to the embarrassment you feel just leaving the house. Anyway, after a good cry I said goodbye to my Mother and as I'm driving home, I stop at a red light and hear someone yell "Baby!", I look over to the SUV stopped next to me and an older woman yells to me "In case he (referencing my husband in the passenger seat) hasn't told you today, you look BEAUTIFUL!" I almost cried then and there. I smiled from ear to ear and said thank you and couldn't stop smiling for a while afterwards. That was honestly the nicest thing a stranger has ever said to me, it was so wholesome, and made my entire day. Spent the first half of the day feeling awful about myself, and the second half feeling great, all thanks to a stranger's kindness.
.
I'm falling in love with my wife all over again
She's beautiful; she's just sitting across the table from me right now with her hair down. Y'all, she looks like she just stepped out of a photoshoot and I cannot even believe she's real. It's not just her beauty, either. Our conversations have returned to the old vigor they used to have when we first met. I am awash with love and adoration again.
.
Was feeling pretty sad yesterday, so I decided to go for a walk. Saw a struggling old lady trying to take out her trash and decided to help. Made my fucking day.
Usually, I would always try to ignore strangers and passerbys under any and all circumstances. (My custom gold chain was robbed from me as a child while walking home from school). But the thing is, I'm tired of ignoring everything around me and becoming depressed by drowning in my own self-criticisms that only lead me to mess up and hate myself even more. So, I asked her in English if she needed any help. She responded in a familiar accent and asked her in Spanish if she spoke Spanish. She looked surprised and said "Sí".  


At that moment she began to ask me about myself and where I was from. I told her and she began telling me about her children. It turned into a lovely conversation about how we need to do more for our Latino community. She seemed really well informed about politics and general understanding of the world. Something that I never really see in the older generation of my ethnicity. 


The conversation gave me hope. I left it feeling more confident and proud of my roots. She said I should come by and chat with her anytime since she gets pretty lonely all by herself when her daughters at work. I might one day take her up on that offer.
.
The worst part about Reddit is being downvoted for something you posted with good intentions.
Whether it was an earnest joke or any other attempt at fitting in. Whether it was something you posted or somebody you agree with/understand. The "downvote to Hell" phenomenon on Reddit is both heartbreaking and one in which I participate. (Of course, I feel justified when I participate, but don't we all?)

It's mob-mentality, and unless you never downvote someone under 0, you participate in it. It's both fascinating and devastating. Like being on the playground at school. I suppose we should have thick skin, but there's little more threatening to human beings than to be "kicked-out" of the group. To be alienated when you were attempting to be included. 

I think it's what makes Reddit such a fascinating platform. And I believe it has potential to be very unhealthy as Reddit becomes less anonymous and more "social". Soon, we'll have access to our followers' usernames. I feel this will legitimize the "followers" aspect of a Reddit profile, and where there are followers, there is a desire to know who is following who. Sooner or later, Reddit will become a regular social media platform. But one in which people can be publicly and easily "downvoted to Hell."

Just food for thought.

Edit: I'm seeing a lot of comments along the lines of "Who cares about upvotes/downvotes?" And my answer is: **You do.**

Would you continue to use Reddit if every time you posted/commented you were downvoted to irrelevancy? That you find *harmony* in receiving both positive and negative feedback on Reddit does NOT mean you "don't care" about feedback.

The upvotes/downvotes make Reddit a social experience, and without them there would be no point in Reddit–not to mention a complete lack of consensus which draws us to the platform. The ONLY thing that motivates us to participate in discussion on Reddit is the possibility and likelihood that we will receive feedback in the form of comment-replies (positive or negative) and votes (again, positive or negative, up or down). 

Even if you choose to "lurk" rather than participate, you do so because there is consensus. And you likely still participate in the consensus by way of voting. You feel validated by the chance to vote and participate in the group. Without feedback, there is no communal, social experience. 

You are not exempt from "caring" about what others think. Even sociopaths have a vested interest in the opinions of others.
.
I just made my friends girlfriend cry
My friend recently started dating this postgrad student from Kazakhstan. When I first met her, we had the inevitable 'I don't know much about Kazakhstan aside from Borat' conversation, and I went away feeling kind of ignorant.

Today we all met up for drinks, and I thought it would be cute to learn how to say 'how are you?' in Kazakh and greet her with it. I was expecting her to laugh and say 'nice effort' and then not mention it again.

Instead she got this shocked look on her face, and gave me the biggest hug ever. Then started crying and told me that in the 3 years she's been in the UK, noone has ever gone to the trouble of learning any Kazakh, not even her closest friends, or boyfriends. The rest of the afternoon she kept hugging me and telling anyone who'd listen how I greeted her in Kazakh.

I'm really glad I was able to make her happy, but I have never been so surprised and embarrassed in my life :)
.
Does anyone else feel absolutely touch-starved sometimes?
I was sitting down working on something when a friend  went around behind me and put their hands on my shoulders today. I felt like those animals whose their owners just hit their sweet spot while petting them, completely relaxed and happy, all tension gone. And that feeling lingered on minutes after they left. Literally all they did was touch me. Don't know if this counts as touch-starved but has anyone else ever felt this way?
.
I just learned that for the past year, my girlfriend has been paying £50 extra rent on my behalf without me knowing.
I just moved in with her and her brother out of necessity due to my mother passing away and not having enough to make it through on my own.

So a few days ago, I learned that the actual rent split by four is £300, but since she always asked me to forward the money to her and her sending it to the letting agency, I never knew the actual rent amount.

Bless that wonderful girl.


Edit: 

I'm sorry I haven't been able to reply to everyone, your kind words are melting my heart.

I will share all your comments with my gf.

Love you all <3
.
My 10 year old daughter was there for me yesterday when no one else was.
I took my kids to a candy shop yesterday to buy one thing and my 10 year old daughter threw a fit because I wouldn’t buy her something 4xs the budget I gave her and long story short cried about it and after attempts at other suggestions she in the end got nothing but ruined our (mine and her) “happy trip” to get them out of the house. She was angry with me and I at her. When we got home unrelated events occurred which got me in a depressed state. I tried to keep my distance from the kids so they wouldn’t notice. Bad day. Well my daughter noticed my “sad eyes”, and immediately asked me what was wrong. She hugged me, a good long hug, forgetting she was upset with me. It made me cry on her little arms. She proceeded to talk with me and just listened. I didn’t give any feedback that was too deep but she did what I needed- just listened and hugged me. She then ended up putting us both to bed. She turned all the lights off, tucked me in and crawled into bed with me. I woke up at 2am with her cradling my head. No ones ever made me feel that good. A 10 year old. 

Update: Thank you everyone for the praises and sharing your stories. This is overwhelming and I’m so thankful. My daughter has always been a sweetheart. She’s the kid that shares and doesn’t like other kids to feel left out. She’s always had a big heart. It makes me feel good reading comments regarding the parenting side of this story. Believe me, I was feeling like the worst parent ever on that car ride home. But I needed her to know she can’t just cry to get her way. She hasn’t mentioned that toy since we were at the store yesterday but I about to head back to the store to go get it for her and surprise her. To thank her. It will be funny if the same cashier is there. I’m sure she’ll recognize me. It’s a small store. Thanks again, this really changed how I was feeling. 

Update 2: I did get her the toy and she was very thankful. And to address concerns on me leaning on my daughter: I wouldn’t in any way be that parent. I’m very aware of how parenting skills and emotions, etc would affect my children at this young tender age. Yes, I already do have and see a therapist. I started seeing one in January when I started feeling signs of depression which only just starting happening last fall. Im very in tune with how emotions affect the people around us and would never put my daughter/kids in a situation where she felt she needed to take care of me. We just had a moment and I was proud of how she handled it and I wanted to share.  Thank you for everyone’s praises and concerns. 
.
Keanu Reeves is well deserving of the positive attention. Does anyone have a story to share?
I was in NYC around 2004 when a friend and I saw him and gave him a shout. He actually stopped, thanked us, and spoke to us...about us. He asked what we do and our goals. I wish I could find the picture, which he insisted on taking. So simple but an amazing and memorable experience.

He really is a good guy, at least from my 1 minute experience. Does anyone else have a good (or, to be fair, a bad) story they would like to share? I'd love to hear it.
.
I recently learned men are rarely complimented and when they are it makes their day/week/month
I was reading on some random sub about things that make your day when a Redditor said he's rarely complimented. He went on to tell how someone said he looked good in new jeans and how he still thinks of this random compliment and smiles. What followed next was many more male redditors jumping on and telling similar rarely complimented stories. 
I now find excuses to complement men (without coming across as flirting). "Hey! Your hair is great today!" Or "geeze that blue sure compliments your eyes" because I would always say something nice like that to a woman and men certainly deserve the little pick-me-up we get each day. 
.
Son’s dance lessons.
So small back story, I’m 6ft, shaved head, tattoos, stubble beard, bit grumpy and most importantly I have a nearly 6 year old boy.

So for a few weeks now my son has been doing this weird dance thing where he wiggles his hips and swings his arms and basically looks like a bit of a sausage so I asked him about it and he said he was trying to do “the floss” because all of his friends could do it. 

At first being the rather grumpy man that I am I told him to pack it in and used some old cliche about not following a crowd off a cliff like my dad would have said to me. Then I paused for thought for a second and realised how important it was to him to impress his friends and well let’s just say I then spent a rather long morning watching YouTube and dancing about like an idiot in front of the mirror and now I can do the floss and after about 10 minutes of showing him what to do, so can he. 

We look like idiots but I’ve never seen him happier. 

.
I've legitimately died before and can tell you what it's like.
So I was telling an acquaintance about this and he thought it was pretty interesting, so I thought I would share it with you guys.

About 6 years ago my friend and I were on our way to pick up another friend from work at around 10pm. He was the driver and I was the passenger. We approach the intersection of my friends work traveling about 55mph (88kph) and as we’re entering the intersection a girl on her phone ran the red light at about 70mph (113kph) and we T-boned her. My seatbelt ripped the buckle from its housing and I went through the windshield.

I’m awake and conscious. I stand up and reach for my phone in my pocket; my arm feels like it’s on fire but I get my phone out and dial 911 through the lock screen. I look down and I’m pouring blood onto the street, as in a nice steady stream is making a puddle. People that had seen the accident, including the friend we were picking up, stop and watch me in horror as I walk around and hand my now blood covered phone my friend who is still stuck in the car. He takes it and I proceed to lean against the car.

An ambulance shows up, straps me to a board, and starts to load me into the back. As the as the stretcher is being loaded into the ambulance my mom showed up at the scene of the accident. I never saw her but I heard her yell "I love you, *****,” I tried really hard but I wasn't able to reply.

While I was in the ambulance, I started feel odd and, although it’s weird to say, I could tell that my body was giving up on me. 

In the beginning my fingers started to go numb, at first in the pins and needles sense and then I couldn't feel them at all. I remember touching them with my thumbs and thinking about how weird it was. My vision blurred and would go in and out of blackness. I coughed out a "thank you" and for some reason an "I'm sorry" to the person who was working on me in the ambulance. I closed my eyes and I thought about my how my friend would probably blame himself and how my Mom would handle it (I was 21 and still lived with her.) My body started to feel really light, and I tried to touch my thumbs to my fingers again but my hands wouldn't move. Everything seemed quiet to me, I could see that the person was trying to talk to me but it was like I was selectively tuning him out. Instead I could hear my heart beat steadily getting further and further apart.

My final though was "I wish I had replied to her." (referring to my mom's "I love you.") After that everything went black, just like falling asleep.

I was defibrillated, and let me tell you, it’s a total sensory overload. It’s like being kicked in the chest, it tastes and smells like hot copper, you see a blinding white flash, and you hear an enormous BANG all at the same time.

After I was defibrillated I had 4 shots of Epinephrine to make my heart beat steady. The guy in the ambulance was literally crying because I had apologized to him before he had lost me. I later found out that my heart had stopped for 113 seconds.

Not an experience that I’d recommend to anybody, but interesting to know about nonetheless.

Edit: organization


Edit 2: I appreciate you're interest everybody but I'm living in Japan and it's about the time for bed. Feel free to ask more questions and I'll do my best to answer you when I wake up or get a free minute at work!

Aaaaand its morning.

-------------- The Big Bad List of Edits --------------


This thread got way more attention that I had ever thought it would. Thanks for the support everyone, and a big thanks to the person who gave me gold! It’s the first time I’ve ever gotten it.

I’m going to address some of the common questions I’ve been receiving with this edit. I’ll try to reply to all of you but it may take me a bit. This edit list will probably also grow steadily.

1.	I understand that some of you are skeptical and that’s okay, it’s hard to take in. I am not, nor have I ever been, a medical professional; so I am only able to tell you what happened through what I remember and what I was told in layman's terms, take it as you will. I assure you that it really did happen though.

2.	My primary injuries were major cuts to my face, shoulder, and neck; a torn muscle in my back (my trapezius) on the right side, and I compressed the spinal nerve that runs to my right arm. I had lost about 3 - 4 pints of blood and had some minor brain swelling. I still have full control of the arm and my only lasting side effect is neck that gets sore really easily. 

3.	I didn’t have any kind of out of body experience. I really fought for consciousness, when I started to lose control of my senses I knew it was a losing battle. 

4.	I did not see Jesus, nor did I see the flames of hell. There also wasn’t a “light at the end of the tunnel” experience for me.

5.	I don’t know what happened to the driver of the other car in a legal sense. I know from the police report that she survived. I did sue her insurance after they offered to pay only half of my medical bills. I won easily.

6.	If you want to use this story or any of my comments in a positive way, feel free.

7. I did get to to reply to my mom in the hospital. I told her that I had heard her yell to me and she started to cry a lot. I gave her a thumbs up because it was pretty much the movement that I could manage. It was so awkward that she laughed about it.

.
I learned a small (but sweet) thing about my BF that I want to share.
We don't live together but I stay at his place very often. He works from home so when I'm having my shower he'll get up and make us both coffee.

He has an aeropress so he'll make one cup, rinse it out, make the next cup.

This morning when I got to the bottom of the cup I got a mouthful of coffee grinds, I reacted to this surprise and he said *"Oh, I gave you the wrong cup"*.

I asked why he has grinds at the bottom of his cup and he told me that it happens when the aeropress hasn't been dried out properly and he just takes the second crappy cup and gives me the nice one.

Such a small thing but I found it really thoughtful and was so touched by it (is that lame?).

What are small but very sweet things that your partners do for you?
.
Someone should start something like GrubHub but to bring medicine and chicken soup and shit to single people who live alone.
What the title says. I'm a single guy, live alone, currently have a moderate illness. Nothing requiring a doctor's attention, but definitely to the point that i dont wanna run over to CVS and grab the stuff i need.

Edit: Recommended so far: GoPuff, various grocery companies that deliver, Amazon (if you live within an amazon 2-hour delivery area), Shipt, TaskRabbit and Postmates.

Edit 2: ended up using TaskRabbit. If youve never heard of it, check it out. It's p cool.

Edit 3: someone had a good point about a service to care for pets while you're ill, or help someone with a broken ankle or some other temporary mobility impairment

Edit 4: stop saying friends, i dont have friends :/
.
Praising Keanu makes him visually uncomfortable. We as fans need to dial it back a bit.
Just read an article about people starting a petition to make him Time Magazine’s Person of the Year. Look, you love Keanu. I love Keanu. We need more people like him. But when you see people ask him “people call you the nicest person ever, what do you think about that?” You can see he gets uncomfortable and shifts the conversation or puts the praise on the people he works with.  I think we need to dial it back for his benefit.
.
Haven’t drank coke for almost 3 months now
Ever since I was 11 or 12 I started drinking coke. Since my family used to be poor and couldn’t afford any sweets I’d just buy a 1,5l coke as a substitute. I’ve been drinking a whole 1,5l can of coke by myself for 8-9 years almost every day and even though I‘m not that obese I’m still overweight mainly because of that. That was until 3 months ago when I started water fasting, my water fast didn’t last long but the 3 days it lasted was the longest period of time without coke for me. My family was really praising me a lot and telling me how proud they were of me so I just couldn’t bring myself to drink coke again. During the first few weeks I thought about it a lot and even drank a small coke zero but I’ve stopped drinking soft drinks completely and I won‘t ever think about replacing water with a soft drink anymore.

I know this sounds ridiculous but I’m just so proud of myself since this is a big achievement for me and I just wanted to share it with as many people as possible.
.
Guys, I want to pet a duck SO fucking bad.
Is that too much to ask? I want to pet a duck so badly. They're so fucking adorable. And I don't want to pet a duckling, even though they're cute, an adult duck is VERY MUCH ADORABLE. What do I have to do? I would do so many things if I could just. Pet. A. Duck. 

I want to pet its cute little chest and little back and neck and head. I just want to give it little duck scritches. Their quacks are so cute.
.
One thing I'm afraid of is when we colonize Mars, there will be "Earth Truthers" claiming that humans never came from Earth and that Earth never existed.
They'll claim that everything that happened on ""Earth"" was made up and all images of it were photoshopped.

I feel like this will happen because, you know, *humans.*
.
Can I just say that this sub is the cutest thing ever?
Someone will post here "I got a new hairstyle today and I feel cute" and someone will comment on how they bet OP looks adorable... Its nice to be so free of negativity that plauges this site all day. ❤
.
The internet is great - I just ordered a pizza for a friend who I have never met.
I've had an online friend for a long while, give or take eight years. We were talking on Facebook today and she said the rain put her in a grumpy mood, customers were being dicks, and she forgot her wallet at home, so no lunch today.

I insisted on ordering her a pizza - so she gave me her work address and I placed an online order. She then sent me a picture of her stuffing her face. It was quite amusing.

Though the internet is full of the worst people. I still like to think it is a great place, like ordering a pizza states away to a friend I've only ever seen through a phone.

I'd love to read some humble and good internet stories, if you all would care to share! :D

&#x200B;

**EDIT:** Holy Guacamole Batman. This blew up. I am extremely happy for the Gold, the updoots and the wonderful stories. It has kept me entertained and happy all day. My friend has also been reading the comments and says the pizza has made her day twice now (one for the food, the second for the love of this community). I have other wholesome stories I can post later, and I promise they are true, I've just been doing them over the years.

Keep the stories coming. If you do want a digital penpal, feel free to message me, I like chatting and getting to know all you wonderful truckers. 
.
I’ve stopped using Facebook and Instagram, leaving reddit as my sole social media outlet. Who else has done this and how has it changed you?
Now, I’m not going to claim major personal changes as it’s only been about 5 days but I’m definitely glad to no longer be inundated with the terrible, negative, endless crawl in Facebook. While I may miss the habit of having the app to scroll through to kill time, I don’t miss the information at all. I feel a weight slowly lifting. Who else has done this? Tell me about the positive changes it has brought you.
.
I prefer Reddit to other social media platforms because it isn't about people showing off how amazing their life is. Anyone with me?
I'm getting more and more disillusioned with other social networks like Facebook and Instagram as it is literally full of people comparing their lives. I work full time and so does my partner who works shifts and at the moment we're saving for our wedding. This means we dont have spare cash to be jetting off to Thailand or sipping cocktails in Greece like the majority of my friends list seems to be doing. I'm  trying hard to lose a bit more weight to feel better on my wedding day but I don't have ripped abs and can't pull off a bikini so my insta isn't full of half naked shots of me in the sea. As someone who suffers with anxiety and constantly compares myself to others, it's hard not to feel really low about my life, even though I know there's good things happening. It's great that others are proud of their bodies and show photos of their holidays but people only seem to post themselves living their best lives. I prefer Reddit because it seems like everyone here is so much more real about the lows and highs of their life which makes me feel so much more 'normal' and not a massive loser compared to my peers. Does anyone else think this or is this just me over thinking things?! 
.
I work fast food and I’ll just give people free stuff
I work at a Wendy’s part time and sometimes I’ll just give random people free stuff or I’ll upsize their drink/fries for free or slip in an extra nugget or two on purpose. Sometimes it’s just random people other times, they’re nice or something funny happens, or if I get a good vibe from that person just depends 

Today this couple (at least I assume the were) came in and the girl was super shy (would talk super quietly or nod only look at her boyfriend) and I thought it was adorable. Guy orders their food and when I’m bagging it up I give a medium fry instead of a small and a few extra nuggs for the girl. 

It’s a relatively small gesture but I like to think that it makes at least someone’s day. 

Edit: I don’t do this for everyone not even regulars usually only if it’s a slower day and we have a bunch of stuff about to go bad. Yes this could get me fired but I get paid minimum wage and it’s my side job ¯\_(ツ)_/¯

Also I’m happy to hear from those of you on the receiving end and those who also do these nice gestures every once in a while. 

And thank you for the silver my first one! This post blew up over night 
.
I know that some people get sad when they get downvoted for no reason so I spend a lot of my time on Reddit upvoting comments that don't deserve to be downvoted.
I figured I would post this here because it's a nice community and maybe other people will spread the love. I don't understand why people downvote kind or positive comments but it happens on every post, all the time. I know Reddit karma doesn't really mean anything, but it makes me feel good to make someone else feel good. Even on a very itty bitty scale and even if they don't know it's me. Hope everyone has a nice weekend!

Oh gosh-obligatory thank you for the gold! I wasn't fishing for it; honestly I just want people to be nicer to each other! Thank you, stranger! I will pay it forward! I promise!
.
My husband gives me his pillow every morning
My husband has a pillow that he got as a gift, which I love. We are in a financially rough spot, so I haven't justified getting a nicer pillow for me yet. He offered to give me his but I refused. He works early mornings and I don't have to get up until a few hours later than him. Every morning when he wakes up, he gently moves me over and places his pillow under my head. 

Those little things make me feel so loved. What are some little things other people do / have done for you that meant a lot to you?

Edit: removed the brand of the pillow. This was not intended to come off as an ad. Sorry!

Edit2: Thank y'all for sharing your stories and thank you so much for the gold and platinum! :D
.
Today I am 100% sober for 1 year solid
I was addicted to opioids due to herniated disc’s and over prescribing. I put myself into rehab, and came out on the other side. I was days from death, and now I’m completely the opposite. If you’re struggling with addiction, no matter to what, there’s always a chance to change. You must let go of your Shame, the guilt. Love yourself no matter what. If you or someone you love is struggling with addiction, shoot me a PM, I’ll do what I can to help 

Edit: thanks everyone for your kind words. A small list of things that help me through..

-I wanted to quit, I was killing myself
-Hardcore music (have heart/100 demons/hatebreed/death threat) just to name a few
-love, from my family and friends and girlfriend
-fasting and keto diet
-venting, talking about my shame and guilt was MONUMENTAL. 
-an open mind to EVERYTHING
-yoga and meditation 

.
All of the hours I have wasted people watching have been worth it for this moment
This happened a few days ago but its still warming my heart so I just wanna share this fuzzy feeling around. 

Let me set the scene, I am an international student at a Chinese University. My dorm is pretty swanky, I have a balcony where I often sit with a coffee surveying whats going on below. The view looks down onto the entrance to the preforming arts building, it's a tropical climate so there's often practice happening outside which is entertaining.

On this day though only people in sight are a couple, nothing of great interest, standard cutesy stuff. UNTIL the girl heads inside. After she's gone the boyfriend starts walking away with a skip in his step AND HE OUTSTRETCHES HIS ARMS LOOKS TO THE SKY AND HAS HIS OWN CELEBRATION. Like fist pumps massive grin this guy feels like the luckiest guy in the whole world. 

Honestly it was like something out of a movie. This culture is normally pretty reserved, he had no idea anyone could see him he just simply could not contain his happiness. What makes it even cuter is friends have told me the only place romance and relationships are really allowed to blossom is in uni so this truly is is moment and I could feel the elation coming from him.

I know this will have been private but just seeing his pure, unfiltered joy has infected me and really made my days happier since it happened. It was so genuine as desperately single as I am I can't even be jealous.  Whoever you are random Chinese boy I sincerely hope the rest of your days are just as beautiful as this moment. 


.
I’m colorblind and I tried EnChroma glasses today! I literally screamed.
A friend of mine is also colorblind and he got the glasses as a present from his mom. I was sitting outside with a group and he let me try them. I looked over at some trees and screamed “WHAT COLOR ARE THOSE TREES?!?!” 😂 They were such a beautiful color! They were like an auburn color but I only saw green and brown. And there were flowers that looked grey to me but with the glasses they were pink! It was so amazing! I was so excited to look around and see things I didn’t realize I had missed out on.


Edit: Thank you all for sharing this happy moment with me! I’m so glad it brought joy to some people. 

Also, in a shocking twist of events, I am actually a colorblind female lol.
.
I just popped a 3+ year old zit and it feels amazing
So I've had a zit on my eyelid for at least 3 years, I cant remember exactly how long. I've been watching it slowly get bigger as every time I tried to pop it, it would "run away" because I couldn't keep my eyelid skin tight. Well today my girlfriend popped the zit while I held the skin tight and I've been so relieved since then. I've seen this thing in the mirror everyday for at least 3 years and have been unable to do anything about it. It was a satisfying sound when I heard it pop.
.
my friend asked me if i had ever had a girlfriend
i came out to a friend almost 3 weeks ago. we’re not the best friends or anything but i’m trying to be more open about it so i told her. she’s cool about it and everything is great. 

one day i was driving her home and we were talking about this boy i like and she mentioned how her current boyfriend is her first one, and i was like “lmao i’ve never even had one! not even my first kiss” (it was along the lines of that). and then she was shocked and was like “oh i thought you’ve had like 4 or something! you’ve really never had a boyfriend?” and to that i said no, but then she asked me if i’ve ever had a girlfriend and that just made me feel so happy for some reason. like, i’m actually being seen as someone who likes both boys and girls. it made me feel loved for who i was

i can’t stop thinking about this so i decided to post it
.
My 8yo. daughter just asked me if I knew what a Human Centipede is.
I hesitantly said no and asked her. She said it's from a book she was reading where the kids tie each other's shoe laces together and try to walk. One kid falls and hurts their pinky finger so a slightly less graphic thriller of a story than the movie.
.
My son saw a sign that said 'please keep children under supervision' and asked "dad, have you got super vision?". I never thought of the word 'supervision' that way before.
Even though it's probably just a derivative of the word 'supervise', my son's innocent question made me think of it a different way. Don't just keep your kids under your vision, keep them under SUPER vision.
.
I’m waking up to the rain on my window and my two cats kneading and snuggling me.
I just feel so happy, my moody cat is looking at me lovingly and kneading me, while my social butterfly kitty is snuggled under my arm.  The rain is creating a very nostalgic atmosphere from my childhood. I’m  just appreciating my morning and life. 

What things bring you out of the slump of day to day stress and appreciate things a little more?

Edit: [Cat Tax](https://imgur.com/gallery/u8Csn1f)
.
I complimented a lonely girl, and it had an effect
This was some time ago. In my school, there's this girl that usually sits by herself. She's either drawing on her tablet in a corner or reading a book. She doesn't put much mind into what she's wearing I assume, because she would always come in the same sweater and pants. I might be wrong

But one day, she came to school with this gorgeous black long sleeved blouse, that had holes revealing her shoulders. I've never seen her with this kind of clothing so it was definetly new.

&#x200B;

I don't usually have any problem with telling people what I think, or to go up to strangers to say something, So I went up to her and told her that I liked her clothing today and that it fit her. She responded with a small smile , because she doesn't really talk much, but that was ok. I told her what I thought and I was satisfied.

But then, during the coming weeks, I noticed something different. She would start to come in different clothing, and she would also wear that long sleeved blouse more often as well. It made me really happy to see that a small compliment could really change someone so much

&#x200B;

People don't get enough compliments. Especially not people that put down thought into how they look, or their crafting.

&#x200B;

Have you ever complimented someone and noticed some kind of change?  


Edit: Wow this blew up!! and a silver too??! Its' been such a nice evening reading your comments and stories guys. Really made my weekend! <3   
Give a compliment to a significant other tomorrow. Or call your grandparents/parents. They will definetly appreciate that for a long time <3
.
The perk of being an adult is doing your own grocery shopping. Today I bought a green tea-scented dishwashing liquid and I am very happy.
Sure, you have to pay your own bills but think of all the stuff you always wanted as a kid but your parents weren’t interested. Now you can buy them all! (well, almost)

As a kid, I always followed my parents to the supermarket. I was fascinated by those fancy-scented cleaning products. Cherry blossom detergent? Heck yes! Unfortunately my parents always stick to what they use and like. My mom has always been in charge of groceries so for 26 years of my life, our house used the same lemon-scented dishwashing liquid. It’s good. But I got tired of it.

I moved out when I was 26 (adult kids living with parents is perfectly normal in my culture—just to clarify). For 2 years that I’ve done my own grocery shopping, I never buy lemon dishwashing liquid. My staples are orange and strawberry.

So today I went to the store and spotted a new product sitting next to my mom’s favorite Lemon. It’s the same brand but with green tea scent! I love green tea! I put it in my basket, paid  and head home. There is a coffee mug waiting to be cleaned. Oh. My. God. It smells sooooo nice. 12-year-old me would be happy to learn that now I can buy my own dishwashing liquid in ANY scents I want.

Thank you for coming to my TED Talk. 

Edit: and THANK YOU, a kind stranger for the Neat Award XD
.
I just received the most amazing Christmas miracle
A special needs boy who looked a little older than me (I’m 23) came up to me in the store parking lot asking how my Christmas was. I was in a hurry (and a bad mood because of family issues) but I already saw 4 people ignore him and I just couldn’t do that(I wouldn’t have any way) So I stood and talked with him for a few minutes. He asked how my Christmas was and if it went good and I said yes and he said “are you sure? I think it could be better for you” and I laughed and said I guess it could always be better lol. He then gave me the biggest hug I’ve ever had and said “hold on wait right here, I have something for you” and he ran to his parents (maybe grandparents) car and came back with a bag full of candy. I was super excited. It tickled me pink. And gave me an even bigger hug and said Merry Christmas told me I looked really beautiful and that I was his “Christmas Angel” (I almost cried there) and left(he waved at me from the window the whole time too) so I left and I got to looking in the bag and it was coincidentally full of my favorite candy and at the very bottom was a Christmas card that said “if you received this, you deserve it. Merry Christmas from the ____ family” and it had $50 in it with a note that said “spend this on yourself, everyone deserves a special treat sometimes. Thank you for being a kind person. Jesus loves you and so do we” 

That just blew me away. I was at the store putting my last $4 in gas so I could get to my aunts house for Christmas dinner later. I don’t need anything, but it was still just an amazing gesture that helped me more than they will ever know. Not necessarily the money but I just needed that act of kindness. It made me cry the whole way home. He was literally the sweetest person I ever met(and gave literally the best hugs ever) I really wish I could see him again, but I saw they had out of state tags on their vehicle so I probably won’t. But I’m just over filled with joy right now. I can’t get over how great that hug felt. It was like he knew me for years. And him calling me his “Christmas angel” tops the cake. That just put the most warmth in my heart. I wish I could tell him “no, you’re MY Christmas Angel”.
.
I wish society was more accepting towards people who just want to be followers rather than leaders.
I get it. By being a leader, you show that you have strength to take on responsibilities, command, etc. I don't want that. I want to just follow. Growing up, I had to take care of finances and making sure everyone put their share of rent, I had to make sure to wake my sisters up. I had a supervisor stint at work for a bit. I don't like the responsibility. I want to just follow for a bit and sit on the passenger seat. 
.
I cooked a real meal last night for the first time in my life.
I'm 25 years old and last night was the first time I ever actually followed a recipe and made a real meal. My whole life I always just heat up premade frozen food, or just boil some noodles and throw some sauce on them. 

I got inspired by my cousin who is really into cooking to try it out myself. So I found a recipe that looked good, went to the store and bought the ingredients, and came home and made it. 

I ended up making some vegan BBQ pulled jackfruit sandwiches with baked sweet potatoes and cole slaw. And then for dessert I made some vegan brownies from scratch! It felt extremely rewarding and I really enjoyed it. I had a smile on my face the whole time I was in the kitchen.

I feel dumb for never doing this before but I'm glad I gave it a try and loved it. My fiancee and daughter thought it was great and it helped us all have a better night.
.
My husband made a lovely post and it made it's way to me
You know how sometimes you scroll through a social media and you see a cute post, in your head you say that's so cute I wish my significant other said things like that, or did stuff like that. Well this time I saw that post and it was for me. I could tell within the first few sentences it was him.  I felt my heart melt, and this post in itself meant the world to me. Some of you might say so what it's just a post but here's a little background. We have been married 5 years and we have a 3 year old and a 1 year old. Needless to say things have been hard. We been stressed by life and it has affected the way we treat each other. So to others this might not mean much but to me it means the world, because he means the world to me. As crazy as this man makes me he also is the best part of me. There is no better husband or father to my children than this man. Yes we all have things we need to work on but I see more than what he currently is, I see the man he could become. I see the good in him even when he thinks he has none.
.
You men sure get unnerved when you see a woman cry!
I’m used to my husband getting anxious when I cry, but this was a new one to me: I was at work when I received a very upsetting phone call about my mom’s health. Everyone in the office heard it, and everyone knew I was crying. So a male coworker came over and very reverently was like, “You can have this, I hope it cheers you up a bit.” I look up... and he’s handing me a package of colored pens. 

I think it was a very serious and sincere attempt, but it actually worked in that I almost started cracking up. It was so out of place and yet so genuine and I think I will now always remember this whenever I think about my mom’s condition. Almost to the point that I’m entertaining her obituary saying, “In lieu of flowers please bring colored pens.”

Edit: I love hearing all the similar stories of the oddball items others have received from others trying to help. And for any of you currently going through difficult times, my thoughts and colored pens are with you :)
.
I got a yes!
I am just not really my self right now. I asked my lovely girlfriend to marry me today, and she Said yes! 

Im just really happy right now and had to share it with you beautiful strangers!


Edit: Wow, this blew up over night! Thank you all so much! 
And thanks for the gold and plat!


Edit 2: We can't belive all this kindness. I showed the post to my now future wife :D and we are blown away by all the kind words! Thank you all again for the support!

Edit 3: Can't belive how big this post got, Im reading every comment and try to answer most! Thank you again almost everyone, so much love and positivity from you!
.
After 29 years on this Planet I just found out yesterday that I have a Big Sister.
Here's some backstory. My dad was in the Navy for 20 years, 6 of those years he did before I was born. He was a "Ladies Man." Bragged about having a girl in every port, blah blah blah. 

Three weeks after getting home from the Philippines he married my Mom in January of 89'. 

We knew he had a fiance' back in the Philippines when he married my mom. 

It turns out when he left she was about 7 months pregnant and she never told him. He is not very observant so him not noticing isn't strange. 

My 2 sister's and I always joked about having siblings out there that we didn't know about. It turns out the joke was actually true. 

My big sister is 1 yr and 2 months older then me and it's the most shocking yet exciting thing ever. I spent 6 hours talking to her last night and I can't wait to spend the rest of my life catching up on the time we missed together. 

We went from 3 Sister's to 4 over night and it's Magical!
.
I just got a 100% on my final exam because my professor showed up an hour late.
So as the title says, I just received 125/125 points on my final for a 200 level English class. We all showed up at 9, and just kind of started talking after about 15 minutes. 45 minutes went by and we were joking and laughing and carrying on, but then we started to worry and a couple of people got upset because they had other finals and could not afford the time to waste if he showed up and made us take it. Plus, I’m sure the University would not allow him to extend final exam periods because it could possibly run in with other exams students had scheduled that day.

So he shows up, so fucking out of breath we thought he was going to pass out. He walks to the front of the room and says “I’m just gonna give it to y’all. Have a good break. Everyone gets 125/125 points.”

I read about stuff like this all the time happening everywhere else in the world but you always think “I wish I were that lucky”. Well Reddit, today I was!

I hope everyone struggling with finals finishes strong. You got this!

EDIT 1: I JUST remembered him saying that he wrote the wrong things down on his calendar and had his classes mixed up. That’s the reason for all asking! I don’t know why this just came to my mind.

EDIT 2: I GOT AN A IN THE CLASS!

EDIT 3: Alright last edit because I gotta get to work and also so I don’t keep treating this like the post from legend. I didn’t expect this to get so many replies if I missed you I’m sorry. But thanks for making my day a little better y’all! Good luck on your finals if you are in the same boat as me! I’ll try to get back to people with questions tonight.
.
I love those quick conversations with strangers.
As I was entering a bank for an ATM, a car pulled into the parking lot with a couple bickering the whole time, slinging swears at each other. While his wife was waiting in the car, the man came in and just had to give me some advice: "Watch out for women. Wait to get your first million, get a wife, then hide your million." He went off about his wife for a bit. He'd been married for more than 20 years which gave him plenty of material.

I asked him how'd he had managed such a feat. He softened and said he'd do it all again in a heartbeat. Apparently it wasn't all bad. 
.
Japanese toilets should be a basic human right
After just having experienced what it feels like to have your butt be treated like a god I can never go back to my old peasant ways. 
I apologize for probably being too graphic.

Imagine:

It’s -5 degrees outside and you just urgently ran home having to take your well deserved dump after a long day of work. You jump onto the toilet only to be horribly greeted by a seat that feels like ice, shuddering and trying to survive the cold. It’s feels like a punishment having to take a dump rather than an achievement!

But never again! Your best friend toilet-san is there for you, the seat warmed up and clean and he’s been waiting all day for nothing but your business. Control the heat and set it to whatever you desire or just time it so that it perfectly heats up at the same time everyday you’re coming home. 

Imagine, 

You’re sitting there, browsing Reddit, enjoying your business and overall just taking your time, relaxing, but then you realize- you took way to long, your legs are already feeling weird and itchy and now wiping this away is going to be such a pain. You mentally already prepare yourself for 5 minutes of constantly taking out many new layers of toilet paper, folding them up, unwillingly trying to perfectly clean up every single bit and just sitting there in disgust for what feels like an eternity.

But not anymore! No longer do you have to use super thin and crappy toilet paper and wipe forever only so your fingers reek terribly and your butt itches for the rest of the day.
Toilet-san is there for you. He gently and accurately sprays water onto your butt however strong or light you prefer, guaranteed to remove all and everything you don’t want being there without you even having to move a finger. You can casually continue browsing reddit,reading a newspaper or doing whatever your heart desires all while toilet san is taking care of the less pleasing things in the bathroom. Just lean back and let yourself be treated.

Never again do you have to waste millions of layers of toilet paper, calculating how much you can actually use until the toilet is gonna clog up and you’ll be stuck trying to clean it up forever only to eventually give up, paying unholy amounts to your local plumber and regretting every single bit of your last bathroom visit.
But no dirty messes anymore! toilet-san does everything for you, carefully prevents waste of toilet paper, because you don’t even really need any in the first place and lightly flushing if you do end up using some anyway while probably saving you hundreds of dollars in the meantime. 

And even if you had a bad day and sometimes just feel a bit lonely, toilet san has your back. He  talks to you, asking for what it is you desire, trying to make even the worst of your days a bit more bearable for you, at least in the bathroom.


Toilet-san is my hero and I regret having spent so many years of my life in darkness, not realizing his beauty. I cannot understand how we are living in 2019 and this is not an international standard yet.

But now i know and so should you!


EDIT: as some people requested, here is a link to my baby 

https://imgur.com/5Z8RJyC


EDIT2: i want to thank the kind stranger for the silver but also wanna mention the odd similarities between the silver symbol and toilet-san 🤔
.
Does anyone else think that social media is helping to fuel a narcissistic and materialistic world?
So I'm aware that this is not an original thought but it has been on my mind lately and wanted to get some feedback and opinions from others. Since last week I decided to stay off of facebook (my only social media account other than reddit) because I felt like it was messing with my mental state. For years I would just scroll through and compare myself and my life to others that I saw on facebook. It seemed like everyone was always doing great things or going on a fun vacation but the reality is that people only post what they want you to see. If you constantly compare yourself and your life to others then you will never truly be happy and it seems like nowadays everyone just cares about themselves and what they own and real joy comes from none of that. Seems like so many people are trying to be the best looking, the most popular, have the most amount of money and power but the truth is most people never achieve any of that and even if you do, you always want more or once you get comfortable/used to having those things you go back to feeling how you were before you had those things. To me it just feels like the world has forgotten how to be thankful for what they do have and how to be compassionate and kind to others which is where I think true happiness comes from. I've been dealing with negative feelings lately which made me start thinking about why I was feeling the way I was and this is apart of the conclusion I came to. Just felt like venting a little and having a casual conversation with some of you redditors. Would enjoy to hear some of your thoughts on the topic.

&#x200B;

EDIT: I appreciate all of the upvotes and comments. I will read them all tonight after work :)
.
We are watching Princess Bride, making cupcakes, and getting married in the morning.
Life is really good. As the title says, my future husband, and mother-, brother-, and sister- in law and I are preparing tomorrow's dessert while sipping rums and watching Princess Bride. The house is bustling and crowded and comfortably full. It has been a long journey here. 

I hope you are all having a good night, and wherever you are in your journeys, I hope you're doing well.

Edit: cupcakes are made, preperations are winding down. You have all expressed love, warmth, and good wishes, and given some amazing advice. Thank you all! I got out of the shower and am amazed at the response. I wish I could respond to all of you, but I'm going to try to get some sleep. Have a lovely weekend everyone! I'll update with pictures soon!

Edit 2: We are married! Everything has been absolutely perfect! Platinum, wow! I will go through and try to respond later, you guys are all the absolute best. Thanks to each and every one of you! I'm gonna go have a glass of Champaign!
.
BIG Thank you to THAT person in the Gym
In the last two weeks I've started going to the gym every other day after work, sometimes I'll pop in on a Saturday. When you start going around the same time consistently, you start seeing the same people pretty regularly.

I'm a pretty overweight and out of shape guy, so I had that feeling the first few times of "everybody is looking at me", and feeling intimidated because all these other people are in REAL good shape. 

My second time at the gym this guy walks by and stops, comes back as I'm resting between sets and shakes my hand, introduces himself. I introduce myself, he says "You're doing great, keep going." Taps my arm and leaves the area.

I've seen him every time I go to the gym during the week after work and noticed he's very friendly with the majority of the people in there. Always encouraging you if you walk by him. "You're doing GREAT! GREAT!" 

I just wanted to give a shoutout and thanks to the people in their gym who supports people. Who gives them encouragement and reaches out to make people more comfortable. 

.
Invited my quite college acquaintance for a dinner. Never seen him happier
We both recently graduated from a top university in a technical field. The whole batch was grilled day in day out. We formed small circles and he was always by himself because he  literally only study (in breaks he used to do research with professors).

I saw this post by u/spez about being a good friend to people, so, I decided to invite him to dinner. He was sooooo enthusiastic. 

Our conversation to decide the place and so on was basically him thanking me every other sentence. (He’s not the thanking type)

At some point I asked him if he wants anybody to come. I felt that I triggered that “you’re not fun, we need somebody else”. So, I told him that if HE WANTS someone specific we can invite and nobody else was in my mind except him. He thanked me so much.

I was like wow. This guy really needed this. Despite how technically orientated and how he looks at life. He was crazily thankful for me to hangout with him and him alone :)

Edit: Thank you very much stranger redditor for the silver :D

Edit 2: Whoah, Gold! You guys are WILD, thank you all so much ❤️

Edit 3: Twwwooo golds, ohhh damn man. Love you guys, I don’t know what I can give back to y’all :'D

Edit 4: Imma be real vulnerable rn, when I saw the Platinum it caught me off guard. I legit left my table at work and went to the bathroom to hold my teary eyes from bursting, and let it out there instead. I don’t deserve all this yo 😭

Edit 5: Another gold :')
.
I just called my Grandma and when she answered the first thing she said was, "well isn't this my lucky week??"
I realized that'd I'd been subconsciously "scheduling" calls with her - calling her regularly about once a week - but I had some extra time today and I called even though I just talked to her 3 days ago. 

I feel kinda like an asshole. I'm going to start calling her more. 

Also, can someone please comment on the morality of the following? Her memory is going and she carries a little notebook around with her to stay organized and is actually coping fantastically well considering her limitations because she is SO well organized AND cognizant of what her limitations are. So anyway she doesn't really remember if she paid the electric bill or not this month but she DOES remember where she wrote it down so she'll check if she's worried and that's that. Anyway sometimes when we're talking she'll start to tell me a story she's already told me and she'll say "Did I already tell you this story??" 

For example she'll be telling me (these details are fake) about the time her and my grandpa lived in Idaho and the fight he got into with a circus performer - and she'll stop and go "Did I already tell you this story??" And while she leads actually a surprisingly active lifestyle she still doesn't have 30-50 minutes of stuff to tell me 1x-2x a week so I lie like a dog and say "You've told me stories about you and grandpa living in Idaho but I'm not sure I remember this one about the circus performer, go on!!" Because I don't want to gas light my poor grandma whose memory is going -- but clearly she has some inkling that she might have told me this story before so I try to assuage her fears of boring me without also, well, gaslighting her...
.
So me and my gf having a hard time conceiving
I remember sitting in a restaurant in southern France with a coworker and feeling really jealous of the family sitting in the table next to us. They had two young kids, everyone was enjoying their saturday evening, laughing and what not. Me and my girlfriend had been trying for a while without success. I knew at least a part of the problem was my job of driving around Europe in a truck. Sitting all the time, eating and drinking trash, working day and night.

So I talked to my girlfriend about it on the phone the next day, she was symphatetic, she wanted a family too. We didn't have a lot of time together, as I was away for 8-9 weeks at a time. Eventually I quit driving as it was wreaking havoc on my health, I was severely overweight with heart problems. Worked a while near home, did massive hours for not much money, saw my gf even less than when I was working away, after a year and a half went to work abroad again.

So that was like six years ago. Yesterday my now-wife called me to let me know that our two sons of four and five are going to have a brother or a sister come new year :)

Life does get better. Much, much better.

&#x200B;

Edit: Thank you so much for everyones comments! Really makes the wait easier to be with my family again :)
.
TIL that TIL means "today I learned," not "true in life."
Spoiler alert: I'm an idiot.
.
BOTH my 1 year old son and my 3.5 yo autistic daughter called me "daddy" for the first time last night!
I've been bawling occasionally in private out of happiness all day. I've had kids for over 3 years and have never been called daddy before. My daughter was the most shocking! She is mostly non verbal. She is a great kid but generally, she rarely acknowledges anyone else. She typically goes weeks without saying a word, and for 1-2 weeks here and there will say 1 word now and then and stop using it. In terms of "unique words used in a week," she said more words when she was 1 than today, but she has said a sum total of more words since. Its just usually one off things for 1-2 weeks and then never again.  


We thought our son would drive her to talk. He is her opposite. He LOVES being social and the main reason he is an early walker is he wanted to chase his big sister around. Last night he suddenly looked at me and went, "daddy! daddy!" twice! He has said "cat" many times. I was having a really bad day and it made my week/month/year. I hugged him and said "daddy loves Leo, does Leo love daddy?" which is what I say a lot. And he goes, "daddy!"  


Literally ten minutes later my daughter casually looks at me and goes, "daddy! daddy!" and runs away. You have no idea what that did to my wife and I. I know my daughter loves me, I have no doubt. But she is such in her own world that it is easy to think she doesn't know you exist, even when you spend so much time around her.
.
Lyft and Uber drivers, be on the lookout.
One year in Los Angeles, I was driving til about 4am on New Years. I went to take my last fare, turned around in a parking lot, and saw two women there, clearly inebriated, one barely holding up the other. I stopped, opened my window, and asked if they were okay. The girl holding up her friend told me she thought her friend had been drugged, that her phone was dead and didn’t know how to get home. I cancelled my other ride, and proceeded to plot a course in Waze for their ride. Shortly after, a man came up to my window, extremely upset and drunk trying to get to the girls. I was pretty sure he was the one who drugged one of the girls, and was waiting for them. I called the police, he was arrested, and I drove them home. For Lyft and Uber drivers, please be on the lookout for this kind of thing. Be completely aware of your surroundings, and help those who might need it.

Edit: please, don’t leave your drinks unattended. And please keep an eye on your friends, especially the girls. It’s important. Love y’all. 
.
I’m falling in love in a healthy way for the first time in my life and it’s really beautiful.
After spending some much needed time single, I recently met an amazing guy. He is honestly one of the smartest, most kindhearted, and amazing people I’ve ever met. We’re both in a place in our lives where we’ve had a few relationships that didn’t work out, know what our roles were in the downfall of those relationships, and are ready to do this one right with everything we’ve learned about relationships from our mistakes in the past. 

We’re both in our mid-20s and share a feeling that we’ve both become an “adult” in the last couple of years. We’ve been 100% open and honest with each other so far, even when it’s tough, and it makes things so much better than trying to hide or omit stuff like we’ve both done/experienced in the past. I can’t wait to see how this one plays out.
.
Starting over at 50. Start my new job tomorrow.
I am getting divorced and have been a housewife for 5.5 years.  I start my new job tomorrow.  I will be managing an apartment building in Chicago and living on site.  Moving from a 3000sq ft home to a large studio but it will be mine.  I am excited about this new chapter in my life.
.
I upvote benign comments sitting at 0 or lower such as "Lmao" that usually get downvoted
So what a guy laughed at something, or they had a stupid question, or they misinterpreted the post. Why do people need to downvote just because of that? Let it sit at 1 people! Don't push someone down just because they aren't following reddiquette 100%! Ignore the post, explain what's happening, and clarify the posts meaning. I see so many people sitting at 0 or lower because they just made a comment that wasn't some astute observation, funny one liner, or deep explanation. Some people on here are from different countries, some people suck at communicating through text, and some people just aren't that bright.

And you know what? That last one irks me a lot! People are dumb, we're all really, really stupid at points in our lives. Sure you may be smarter than me, but I'm smarter than him, and that other guy is smarter than YOU! So does it really matter if someone said something stupid? Like in the grand scheme of things, does it matter? No, not really. So why mass downvote people? Why make them feel bad and make snarky comments over a question? Enlighten them! That way instead of having 1 stupid person who feels bad, you now have 1 slightly less stupid person who feels good. It just makes sense to me...

&#x200B;

Edit: I just wanted to say this got so much more of a response then I ever thought it would. I also want to say... Thank you everyone in this thread. I have seen nothing but positivity and empathy from people and it's given me such a new perspective. Some silent, awesome majority of people I never knew existed are all talking to me and sharing their thoughts. I think it's wonderful and it's made me very happy to interact with each and every one of you.
.
I finally told someone IRL how I truly felt and now am getting a therapist
For 17 years (am 17 years old, birthday coming in a few months) I have hid my dark thoughts, been dismissed for my condition's chronic pain, my loneliness, wanting to escape reality, etc, and now, I feel so relieved. I sobbed so hard in front of my psychiatrist and he said I was brave and to contact him or 911 if I ever reach that point. He recommended a therapist he thinks will match my personality. I just feel liberated even though it’s just the start of my journey to mental health recovery (my post history describes my two rare conditions and other minor physical problems that all created bottled up emotions and unwanted thoughts). I am ready to get better.
.
Does anyone else start typing a comment on reddit then halfway through end up discarding it and not bothering, almost every time?
I do this almost every time I start writing a comment. As if I just end up feeling like it’s not worth it or something. I literally almost did it with this post, lol. 
.
I appreciate people who don’t make you feel left out
Tonight, I hung out with my boyfriend and two of his friends, it was just a chill dinner with some Mario party. My boyfriend and his friends all went to the same high school, which was all boys. I went to an all girls high school. Also, they are all into pc and console gaming while I am not, though I do enjoy watching others play and have small interest in it. 

So tonight over dinner, all the guys were reminiscing over old gaming and school memories which I had no idea what they were talking about. But I didn’t feel left out at all since I was treated as a member of their conversation - if I’d ask questions in regards to stories or games, they would fill me in and explain so I could understand and appreciate what they were talking about. 

I cannot stress how appreciative I am. The fact that they put in effort just so I could follow a story when I could have just been left out and ignored. I’ve had previous encounters where, if I were out of the loop over a certain joke or event and I’d ask about what happened and what everyone else seems to be laughing about, I’d get ignored or be told “you don’t play (insert game here), you wouldn’t understand”. It would make me feel kinda sad hahah. 

So thank you to my amazing boyfriend and his great friends for making me feel very welcomed and included tonight, I’m so so super happy because of it :)) 

Edit: I’m so sorry about sloppy slow replies and that I haven’t been able to reply to everyone, exams are approaching soon! (Also I didn’t expect the post to get so much attention) Lastly, thank you for letting me share my slice of happiness here, it feels good to be able to express happiness and gratitude and get back support, stories and insight. You guys are such a lovely bunch of people ☺️
.
Don’t have anybody to tell
Hey Reddit! I just wanted to share that I got a 4.0 this semester! It’s my first semester away from home and at college. On top of that, I scored an internship at GE Aviation earlier this semester! Sorry if this breaks any rules but I couldn’t tell some other kids as I feel like it would come off arrogant. Thanks for listening!

Tl;dr: get a 4.0 and an internship as a first semester freshman. Can’t tell most of my friends without seeming arrogant.

Edit: MY FIRST PLATINUM!!! This day keeps getting better and better lol. Thank you very much kind stranger!

Edit: MY FIRST SILVER!!! This is unbelievable lol. Also crossed 1k upvotes for the first time. You people are truly the most amazing people!

Edit: MY FIRST GOLD!!! WOW! I just got all three of these awards for the first time! Thank you to all the kind strangers presenting these to me!!

Edit: I will update my post with my methods/ tips for studying and getting the internship as many of you have asked. It prob won’t happen today, but by the end of the week.

Cheers,

Jartopian 


.
Cards Against Humanity sent me $15
So, I contributed to the Cards Against Humanity Saves America thing a few weeks ago. Yesterday, I received my third envelope. Apparently I am one of the 10,000 poorest contributors to the campaign, so CAH sent me $15 to fight wealth inequality. lol. I'd like to take a moment to thank my career in social work for this $15.

So, CC anything cool and unexpected happen to you lately? 
.
It’s funny how a random interaction with a stranger can have an affect on you. Just got a random compliment in the food court of my local mall and I can’t stop beaming. As a guy, I rarely get one of these.
This is why you should expect the best in people.  I’m standing in Tyson’s Food Court waiting for my order when the following exchange happened with an older white woman (OWW):

OWW: Do you mind if I ask you a question?

ME: Sure? (trying to figure out what she’s up to?)

OWW: Do you know what we tell girls who wear pink?

ME: Not sure?

OWW: Pretty in pink

ME: Oh, okay (thinking is this woman crazy)

OWW: Now do you know what we call men who wear pink? (points at my SALMON colored shirt)

ME: Uhmm, nope (expecting something either homophobic/racist, or some sales pitch for a MLM scheme)

OWW: Handsome. Handsome in pink, but you would be handsome in any color.

ME: (blushing like crazy) Oh, thank you. 

And she walked away.  I swear with the current political climate it’s like we’re conditioned to expect the worst in people and even someone like myself, who generally likes to expect the best and tries to always give the benefit of doubt isn’t immune from the negativity.  Nice to be reminded of the inherent goodness in most people.
.
Just had my first kiss and can’t stop smiling :)
I, a male of 20 years of age just had my first kiss this evening. It was surreal, as if it wasn’t even happening until it was over. Now I’m sitting here stone dead tired and still shaking and smiling. Happy days!

Edit: Thank you everyone for your kind words it makes me smile reading each comment. Yes, I am straight so it was a girl! And to everyone still waiting, keep being yourself and the right person will come by for you!
.
My girlfriend and I accidentally started dating.
Just thought this was kinda funny. She is from Ukraine, so her English isn't perfect, but it's pretty good. We met on Tinder and went on a couple dates. We basically had this conversation:

> Her: "Do you want to date with me?"

> Me: "You mean do I want to date you?"

> Her: "Yeah"

And I said yes.

I thought it was kinda soon, I hadn't planned on asking her out for a little while, but I said yes anyway because that's where it felt like it was going. It seemed kinda silly to me to artificially say "no" when I had already planned on asking her at some point anyway. The next morning I updated my Facebook relationship status (because you know, life revolves around Facebook) and she accepted it. 

Well, turns out she wasn't asking me to be her boyfriend, she was just asking if I wanted to continue going on dates with her. She had met some previous guys on Tinder that ghosted her so she was just asking if I wanted to continue hanging out, basically. 

While I had thought that she asked *me* out, she thought I had asked *her* out in a really lame way by updating my Facebook relationship status, but said didn't think much of it and just rolled with it. She's pretty laid back, that's one of the reasons that I like her. 

I didn't find out this miscommunication for a while but now that I know, it's kind of embarrassing. Either way, we both just laughed at it, and now we're dating so that's pretty cool.
.
The United States of America has a population of approximately 324,000,000. Of those, the two people best suited to be the next President are Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton?
Name a random American you think would make a good President. It doesn't have to be anyone famous! 
.
I bought a Roomba.
Weird flex.

But I was kicked out of home at 16 years old, spent up until 24 years old living paycheck to paycheck and having a really shit quality of life.

I'm just about to turn 27 and while I was sitting on my couch last week I thought "I want to buy a Roomba."

So guess what I did. I went online, found the most feature filled Roomba I could. And bloody bought it. No guilt for spending. No guilt for its "unnecessary-ness". I just bought it. It arrived yesterday and it's so fucking cool.

It's the little things that really make you realise how far you've come.
.
Someone found our camp...
Around 5 years ago me and my friends were messing around down in our local woods. We stumbled across this old abandoned A-framed shelter that was clearly expertly done. Fixed together with zipties, had an old roasting spit above the fire place and even a stump sawn flat that formed a movable table.

Over the following 4 years we repaired and upgraded it untill it had ex military tents covering it for waterproofing, complete camoflage in the form of growing ferns on it and other things and even a fully clay fired pizza oven we made from scavanged stones and clay from the river. We've camped in there in thunderstorms, eaten some of the best food of my life down there and made memories that I will never forget.

Then one day it was gone, someone had come in and trashed the entire place. We were upset and angry but decided not to let it stop us and rebuild it somewhere new where they wouldnt find it. So after several weeks of searching we found a place. Not as good as the old one but still, not bad. We dug the ground up, started building stone walls to make it harder to break down and transferred important materials from the old camp to the new one.

However life caught up with us and we never finished, I went to uni, my friends got apprenticeships and other good jobs. We met our life parterners, moved away and one of us even has a baby on the way.  Then a couple of weeks ago while visiting my parents I decided to show my partner what we used to do and see if it was still standing. It was, and it had been repaired and upgraded. I asked my friends if it were them. They both said no and had no idea who it was. Someone out there stumbled on an abandoned shelter that was clearly expertly done...

I'm going to leave them a note with some old photos and a bit of history explaining how they're continuing a passion and pastime that has been going on in these woods for over half a decade at least, probably more. If you're reading this then enjoy your secret place and thank you for continuing our tradition, we hope it brings you as much joy and memories as it did us.

Yours sincerly, The Village Idiots; Mighty Mouse, The Munchie Kid and Elcorto

Edit: photos
The old camp https://imgur.com/gallery/h0QaJqy
Sadly more modern photos were corrputed  this wasn't its final form
The New camp, currently in progress https://imgur.com/gallery/wFWLqAr
.
I interrupted and berated a bully on the bus today. And I feel pretty good about it.
I'm a senior [in highschool] and on my bus home there's always little kids too. You know what they do during the winter, stealing hats and throwing them away, pushing snow into unsuspecting faces and so on. Most of the time it's harmless really but what happened today definitely crossed the line.
So they were all kind off playing around taking each other's hats and so on, I was just minding my own business. But then they kind of started targeting a single one and getting more straightforward.
I was already kind of alerted and honestly ready to step in as soon as the situation escalates which happened shortly after.
The boy needed to get off the bus but he still needed his hat so he grabbed for it and apparently scratched the other boy's hand or something so he pushed the boy to the ground which could have ended really badly. The fallen boy was obviously and visibly upset and when he went for his backpack the asshole boy wouldn't let go even after the bus had opened the doors. That's when I stepped in and i kid you not, the bully shat his damn pants. He was so scared and I was really mad because I could relate with the boy who was being bullied. I asked the group if they felt cool and specifically said to the bully boy that he should feel ashamed and that he was definitely not cool.
He turned completely red and didn't say a word for the rest of the ride.
It felt good. I could feel the adrenaline rush because it's hard for me to stand up to bullies. Even if they're younger and not my bullies but still.
Thanks lol
Edit: Thank you so much for the medals! First reddit silver, gold AND plat!
.
I just saw a dude walking around wearing a "Worlds Best Grandmother" sweater on. What little random things have made you instantly want to become friends with someone else?
I have spent all day wishing i had gone up and said hello or something, cause I feel like any guy who wears a sweater like that is bound to be awesome. 
.
I’m so lucky
My son turns 6 in a few weeks and has been asking for a Nintendo switch but at around £250 I just couldn’t justify it whilst already paying out £350 for him to take all his friends to a water park. 
Yesterday a colleague pointed out that a Nintendo switch was the top prize in a raffle in Work so I bought a ticket and have only gone and won it. He is going to be over the moon and I don’t have to cheap out on his party now. I’m so happy. 

Edit: Just a little update... we were in a shop today so I casually walked past the switches and he looked at one and gave a big longing sigh. I came really close to giving him it early. Not sure if my will power will last until September. 
.
A small insight into another culture.
I was just biking on my way to the barbershop, when I was pulled aside by a Jewish man coming out of a synagoge. He asked me to help him to fix a technical issue inside of the synagogue. Because it is saturday today, he himself couldnt do it because of the sabbat.

So I went inside to help him with it. But when I entered it, I felt really lucky and even somewhat honored to have a small insight into such a different culture. I could see a lot of things that I normally wouldnt be able to see. Since in my town, the hasidic Jews have a very closed community.

I think it is great that cultures can be so different and we can still help and respect eachother. Especially in this century where polarisation is such a big issue, I felt very humbled to have this man trust me and let me enter the synagogue. He even gave me some cake afterwards as a reward!

I know it sounds stupid, but these small intercultural interactions give me a lot of hope to build further towards an equal society where every culture -man and woman- get the respect they deserve!

Has anyone else felt the same? Or experienced something alike?

Edit: Wow, it is great to see so much great reactions and stories! This happened in Antwerp, Belgium btw. 

Ps: Thank you for the gold and platinum kind strangers!
.
Nobody gives a shit about you at the gym. Don’t fear like you’re an outsider of some club.
When I first started going to the gym, I was 155 lbs. i was scrawny, and weak, and I was so ashamed of what my bench would look like, or how much I was curling. The first few weeks started to feel so uncomfortable. But every week, I would start lifting more weight, my body weight increased, and I was seeing changes. I knew I must have been doing something right, so I didn’t feel as out of place. 

I have had a few people come up to me and offer advice. Like, what grip I should use for a certain pull, or stance/position techniques. I have never had a single person make a negative remark, not just to me but everyone. 

Years go by and I hit 220 lbs. I looked drastically different and now I wasn’t the scrawny kid learning it. And I see the same people I used to be every year; people that are so worried what others may think. And nobody cares! Well, nobody cares in a negative way. 

There is an exception. Everywhere has maybe 1-2 people who think they are the king of the gym, and scoff if you ask to use one of their 8 pairs of dumbbells they have hoarded around their flat bench. Fuck those people, and everyone at the gym hates them. They are so full of their own protein filled shit that they judge EVERYONE around them. So as long as you remind yourself that everyone else hates them and their opinion of anyone doesn’t mean squat, it’ll be easier. 

2018 was one of the worst years of my life, and I know it’s been a shit year for a lot of others. So make 2019 yours. If your goal is to lose weight or gain muscle, it’s your year. Don’t be scared of the gym. Make it yours. 
.
Does anyone else instead of emotionally eating when they get sad, they don’t eat at all and starve?
Whenever I get depressed or go through something tough, I tend to not eat. 

I feel like I don’t deserve the food. Like I’m not worth it. It sounds weird but that’s just how I am. 

I also lose my appetite as well. Just don’t want to eat.

I’ve never met someone like this. It’s usually the opposite. Anyone else like me? 


I just ended a relationship, and I’ve probably ate around 1200 calories the past two days (super low for me, I’m a young, tall male. I should be eating double that at LEAST)
.
I broke down and spent all day cleaning my apartment - and I learned how important cleaning is to mental health in the process.
Hello, all!

I share a 650 square foot apartment with my girlfriend and our two cats. We've been struggling with keeping our place clean despite living together for a year and a half. I'm a federal worker with a 3 day weekend for President's Day, and I promised her I'd buckle down and clean like crazy this weekend. Like I said, it's been a massive struggle to keep our place clean and organized.

I took a nap earlier this afternoon, promising myself I'd hit the gym afterward. I woke up, surrounded by garbage and chaos and said enough is enough. I skipped the gym, made myself a vodka and seltzer water drink, and went to work. Six hours later, our place is unrecognizable. Even now, well past midnight, I'm still getting out of my seat and cleaning. I spent ALL EVENING doing laundry, taking up trash, organizing, and within the last hour I've mopped and vacuumed just to get it out of the way.

Tomorrow will have its own set of challenges...mainly continuing to mop/vacuum and tackling dishes, but I've gotta say, I've felt like I'm in a rut for the last several weeks and beginning to clean and organize has helped me realize how IMPORTANT it is to have a clean living space, especially when you struggle with mental illness like my girlfriend and I do. I'm actually excited to continue tidying up tomorrow, because I feel like a new man right now being able to look around and being free of clutter.

Just felt like sharing a small victory. Today has been a huge step for me defeating my own laziness.

EDIT: I don't have before/after pictures. But I appreciate the positive response here so the least I could do is add a few after photos. This is just of the master bedroom, which needed the most cleaning.

[https://imgur.com/a/rY1RQ7S](https://imgur.com/a/rY1RQ7S)

[https://imgur.com/a/EOdPO4m](https://imgur.com/a/EOdPO4m)

[https://imgur.com/a/O71XgGk](https://imgur.com/a/O71XgGk)

[https://imgur.com/a/ECTiVZU](https://imgur.com/a/ECTiVZU)
.
Twelve years ago today, when I was 25, I joined Reddit. I'm 37 now.
George W Bush was still president. I had, a year or two before, met the man with whom I would have a painful 7 year marriage. I was still profoundly sick as I had been since early puberty with a serious, rare iillness that hadn't been diagnosed yet. I had not yet made a single piece of jewelry; I've now been a silversmith for 9 years and made thousands.

Most of those intervening years between my first day here and today were terribly difficult. I was very ill and mostly homebound. As I had been for so long I remained an anxious, frightened, isolated person. 

In 2007 I married and then chose for 7 years to stay married to a man whose unwillingness to compromise, cruelty to me especially when I was ill, and hundreds of days of complete cold shouldering were absolute and unyielding. I've looked back many times since and have never totally understood why I stayed so long.

A year after I joined Reddit the iPhone was first released.

ln 2009 I received a diagnosis for my rare disorder and in 2012 a doctor found the treatment regimen that began to give me more of a normal life than I had imagined I would ever have. I became less anxious and less isolated as I grew strong enough to gain independence.

In 2011 the final Harry Potter film was released and Osama bin Laden was killed.

In 2014 I divorced my first husband, the most emotionally painful thing I have ever experienced. My life as I'd known it was in every way demolished and I had to begin again.

When I was 33 I had spent most of my life very ill and most of my adult life in a painful relationship that ended in a lonely, impoverished, dismantled existance. Despite that I had found great joy in silversmithing, which I began learning in 2009, I was never well enough to turn it into a real career. And I would never be a mother, something I badly wanted to experience.

I was tired, and it felt as if I was probably fated to a permanently difficult life. I found it hard to imagine being able to make it through decades more of the emotional and physical suffering I had experienced already.

In 2015 I met an endlessly kind, deeply affectionate, smart, goofy man and we quickly became infatuated. He quieted his own demons with alcohol and some drugs, the major source of stress between us.

Still, I moved away from my hometown for the first time, with him. I never had thought I'd be able to live away from my parents who had often had to care for me into my 30s.

My world expanded. I traveled by plane and to a new state for the first time since childhood. I rode a horse. I learned to sit with the dying, and became certified as an end of life doula. A lifelong northerner, I was surprised to come to adore my new southern city.

Barack Obama completed two presidential terms between my joining Reddit and now.

My boyfriend's drug use became too serious for me to handle and we broke up even though his kindness towards me had never once wavered. That night knew I would be alone. It figured that I had done a terrible job at choosing a partner again and it seemed natural my life would come to ruins again. I was certain I would move home to care for my parents as they aged, live in relative solitude and never be a mother.

He changed his mind 24 hours later and joined a rehab and therapy program. It was like a switch was flipped.  It seemed he had become a man overnight.

In 2016 the Cubs won the World Series and Donald Trump won the presidency.

Over the last 12 years, after a desperately lonely childhood and early adulthood, I finally found incredible, wise, fascinating women friends.

In 2017 my husband and I were married in a beautiful, intimate, sunny backyard wedding, joined by the people we loved most.

In January of 2018 our adopted infant son was placed in our arms for the first time.

I still do not have a real career. I will never be entirely free of the symptoms of my genetic disease (which I chose not to pass to a child).  We aren't wealthy and our child still doesn't sleep through the night. There will be hard times ahead I know. And yet the last two years have been the most joyful, loving, unexpected, affectionate, magical years of my life. I never, absolutely never, thought I would experience sustained, rich happiness such as I have these years. I love my spouse and his unending affection, I love my beautiful son infinitely. I love my simple life.

That is what 12 years looks like.
.
I never realised people 'pay it forwards' in real life. Today a stranger paid for my cancer head shave
I have lymphoma. I also am a girl in my early twenties, and all my life my long dark hair has been my most identifying feature. I have been distraught at the prospect of losing my hair (more so than actually having cancer), since my hair has always been very very long and thick. As most girls do I've struggled with hating my appearance, and my hair was something that was always easy to maintain and love, and often the only thing I ever liked about myself. It was so easy to hide behind, and became my security blanket. So what if I felt or looked awful, my hair was beautiful and people would notice that before they noticed my perceived flaws.

Anyway. I had my hair cut to about shoulder lengtj, but it was matting into dreadlocks and falling out on massive clumps. I went to the local barbers and asked for a haircut. The first few places turned me down as 'they only cut mens hair'. Yeah but I want a 'mens' haircut? I felt pretty flustered at this point, as this horrible experience was already becoming more awkward and difficult than necessary, but managed to find a third barber shop.

There was a customer getting his hair cut by a barber, and a different barber waiting by reception. The free barber asked why I wanted to cut my 'beautiful hair', and I awkwardly stammered out that I had cancer and pointed to the bald patches that were forming. He was very kind and helped recommend lengths that would best hide the bald patches and asked me about my treatment and how I found out I was ill, and I told him. 

The other customer was paying and he said he would like to pay for my haircut, as he couldn't help over hearing my conversation with the barber, and he hoped I got better soon. He said his daughter was around my age and also had long hair which she loved. It was so unexpected and generous it moved me to tears, I was so surprised and grateful. The barbers also recommended some pomade to help style my short hair and refused payment for the pomade, and told me to come back if I needed another cut. I left and cried in my car for about ten minutes. I've been struggling a lot with the whole cancer thing, and the generosity and kindness of these strangers really touched me and made me feel seen and valued. 

I am not in the US, and have always associated 'paying it forwards ' with Americans paying for other people's coffees in Starbucks. As a non coffee drinker I've never really thought about it but the sheer simple kindness had really cheered me up a lot. I will definitely try to be more aware of ways I can make a positive difference to strangers in the future! 



Tldr - I am 24f and have an almost unhealthy reliance on my long hair. I need it cut off due to chemo and it falling out in clumps which is distressing. A stranger over heard me talk about my cancer and paid for my haircut, and the barber was very kind and did not charge me for some pomade.
.
Today is my 10th anniversary of quitting smoking
Ten years ago today I smoked my last cigarette.  I was at work and I asked my coworker for a cigarette.  He gave me one and I pointed at the clock and said “It’s 4pm now this is my last one!”  I never looked back.  I even inspired my coworker into quitting.

Edit: Wow! I am absolutely blown away from all your thoughtful comments.  I commend those who expressed that they are just starting to quit.  Quitting is hard especially with all the stress and pressure we come across in our daily lives.  I feel as each milestone we reach in our journey should be celebrated in some way.  Yesterday I went on a nice hike with my daughter to celebrate.  

Thank you all for your kind words and support.
.
Coffee noob here. Just had an embarrassing realization.
So I recently started college. Prior to the start of the semester, I had never tried coffee. I thought I should give it a chance and have been trying several types to try to find something I like.

Almost all the types I tried were disgusting. It tasted nothing like it smelled, making me think that perhaps I was fighting a losing battle. Then I discovered the coffee they were serving at the cafeteria.

When I first tasted it,  I was in heaven. This wasn't the bitter, gag-inducing liquid I had been forcing myself to gulp down; in fact, it hardly tasted like coffee at all. I knew this creamy drink lay on the pansy end of the spectrum, but I saw it as my gateway drug into the world of coffee drinkers.

I tried to look up the nutrition information so I could be aware and better control my portions. It was labelled as 'French Vanilla Supreme' on the machine, but I could only find creamer of that name. I figured that was just the name the school decided to give it. 

I was just sitting down thinking about all the things that didn't add up: its taste and consistency, the fact that it didn't give me a caffeine buzz, the fact it was served in a different machine than the other coffee and wasn't even labelled as coffee. All this lead to my epiphany--- that I haven't been drinking coffee at all; I've been drinking 1-2 cups of creamer a day. I feel like an idiot. 

tl;dr: Tried to get into coffee, ended up drinking a shit ton of creamer
.
Anyone else randomly lose their sense of reality?
I find myself overthinking a simple subject until I cannot comprehend the subject anymore. The best way I can really describe it is through an example. 

Earlier today I was having a normal conversation with my SO (significant other) about what we wanted to eat today. Very normal conversation..but after she had walked off I started wondering what that conversation was like in her head. What do I look like to her? What is the first thing she looks at when she turns to me? The thought of seeing myself outside my body as if I was another person just made me forget reality for just that second. Other examples include technology and other variants of that. I sit here trying to understand the process of how voices and instruments can go from being played live, to a carved disk and a needle, to a link I clicked on.. man it makes me trip out and I just don’t feel real if I think on it too long. 

..I think this might be related to staring at a word for so long it looks fake. 

Anyway, how do you guys lose your sense of reality? 



Edit: Is this when I say I didn’t expect expect for this to take off like it did? Wow! There are so many responses and I unfortunately only got to a couple when I had originally posted this (I may have fallen asleep) and I must say I’m so excited to go through your comments. 

I’ve seen about a quarter of the comments referring to this as Derealization or Depersonalization: 
 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Derealization

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Depersonalization

And I just want to thank everyone who did bring that to my attention. I had no idea so many people have gone through the same thing. I’ve seen some comments referring to a point in their life where this was happening frequently but has changed over a period of time. It’s definitely amazing to see how different but similar your experiences are. 

Thank you all so much for contributing! 
.
Don't really have anyone in my life to share the good news with, so here goes.. I GOT A JOB!
For the first time in 2 years I am employed!

I was finishing my degree until just a few months ago, and for most of my time in school I wasn't able to find a job since I lived in an area that was oversaturated with unqualified students looking for hourly work at restaurants and such. Then these past SIX months I've been legitimately too sick to even consider working.. until literally just a few days ago!!

I've been going through very expensive and invasive tests these last few months and we're finally starting to figure out what's wrong with me, and I'm finally on medication that helps. For less than a week now I've been pain free and able to live my life like a normal healthy person, which is already so incredible for me since I'd forgotten what it felt like to feel capable and self reliant.

Just a few days ago I decided to go ahead and apply for a job at a nice restaurant up the street, but I wasn't getting my hopes up since I've gotten so used to being rejected from all the jobs I've applied to these past few years. But just yesterday I was interviewed and officially offered the job, and I start next week!

I haven't been this happy in such a long time that I don't even remember. I'd completely lost faith in myself and now I actually feel OPTIMISTIC for my future, maybe for the first time ever. Which is kind of scary and unfamiliar. I even baked a huge cake today! I'm just so happy to be employed that I start crying when I think about it :')

EDIT: WOW I was gone for Easter and just logged back in, and I am so amazed and grateful at how much positive support I'm getting!! Thank you all so much, I've been going through a tough time lately not having any friends and being sick all the time, and I feel a lot less alone now, as silly as that might sound. You guys are the best :)
.
My grandma recognized me today
Last year my only living grandma fell and broke her leg. After surgery she fell ill and was never able to make a full recovery and it took its toll on her mind, escalating the situation from a "simple broken leg" to a full set of senile dementia.

Since she climbed on that bed after surgery she never was able to sit anymore, which means that she's confined on her own bedroom. Since I'm her neighbor I'm always on her house talking to her, but she's delusional every day and do not recognize us anymore (she always refer to me or my mother as other people from the past that her mind makes her remember). But today was different!

I entered her bedroom to visit her as usual and, for the first time, she looked at me and smiled as if saying "I know who you are". I decided to ask her if she knew who I was and the answer was "Yes, you're my grandson" and she said my name! For the first time it felt as if I had my grandma brought back to me again and we chatted for a couple hours. We talked about life and about our past together, she talked how she was proud of me, that I became a fine young man and that she hoped to see me achieve success in life. She even complimented me for letting my hair grow!

When I was leaving, as I waved her goodbye, she looked at me and said "please come visit me again so we can talk more" and it broke me inside knowing that she may not remember me at all tomorrow but it doesn't matter: I promised her that, as she took care of me when I was young, I'll take care of her and be with her until the end.

Above all I can say to you that, today, of all days, was a good day.

&#x200B;

Edit: there are so many comments that I fear that I may not be able to answer everyone. But I want to thank you all for the kind words of encouragement I received, it means a lot to me in this moment. From the bottom of my heart I thank you all!

And for those who are going through similar situations I wish you all the best. Be strong and never lose hope!
.
For once I'm handling all my sh*t like an adult!
👏 I'm about to move out of my ex's house. 

👏 I got my own apartment and I paid rent. 

👏 I got a great internship going.

👏 I got 1 job.

👏 I GOT 2 jobs.

👏 I'm planning smart for the future. 

👏 I'm prioritizing school. 

👏 And the best part is: I'm not depressed about any of it! 🙌
.
My 2YO daughter said I love you for the first time
Basically what the title says. We were walking around the neighborhood and I say, "Mama loves you." She says, "I wub yew." It melted my heart, especially when she gave me that big ol' grin when she said it. I know she probably doesn't "get it," but it still meant a lot to me. She's my first kid, may very well be my only kid. I still don't know if I'm doing this whole parenting thing right. I didn't exactly have great examples growing up. But . . . I don't know. Hearing her say it made me feel like I was maybe doing something right. I hope I am. She's a great kid. (Yes, even at 2 haha.)

Now, if you'll excuse me, I have to go back to crying about this.

Edit: wow RIP my inbox but man I'm crying again from everybody's messages! All of you are so amazing and deserve all the good things. <3 Also thanks for the silver, kind stranger.
.
My boyfriend is currently having a fight with Alexa
He thinks I'm still asleep and I can hear him having a fight with Alexa. While he was in the kitchen he asked her to play Tom Petty on Spotify and she responded with her usual "Playing songs by Tom Petty from Spotify" and then she didn't. Then I heard him storming from the kitchen into the living room shouting "No you're not you lying bitch!". 
It's like we live with a moody teenager sometimes, this has made my morning and I cannot stop laughing!

Do you use Alexa? If so what craziness have you found yourself doing because of her?
.
I just paid off my Student Loans!!
It feels so good to type/shout this!

# I paid off my student loooooans!

Ahh...that felt good. It's been about 4-5 years since I started my debt reduction plan and this last 2 years it really has been moving quickly. And now I just clicked "confirm payment" on the Payoff Loan button. Lookout next debt, here comes a snowball!

&#x200B;

Edit: A Gold?! Wow thank you so much. I hope this post helps others be inspired to get rid of their debts. I'm not done yet, but so far it's a great feeling. Thank you everyone, and thanks again for the gold! Much appreciated.

&#x200B;

Edit 2: Thank you for the Silver too. This is amazing. I hope this post helps a lot of people. I am getting a lot of "any advice and how did you do it" comments. I'll try to share how I started my process so you all can too.

***Advice***

[Whats the cost](http://www.whatsthecost.com/snowball.aspx) is the site I used to enter all my debts and how much I was paying to all of them. Once you enter all of that, toggle between Balance and Interest first, to see what is best for you. For me, Balance first saved us a few thousand, plus at the time it was hard to be paying to a debt for years to have it still be there. Even if you pay a few grand more over 5, 6, 10 years. Seeing the number of debts you have get less and less is a great reward and feeling. Otherwise, you are getting your debt reduced by dollar amount, but the number of debts are still there and it feels like you're getting nowhere. That being said, I like to pick Balance first, but everyone is in a different situation, and it may be best for you to pick Interest first.

Now that you have a debt reduction plan, don't forget to update it! New debts come up sometimes (like car problems). Redo your debt reduction plan when needed. I have updated mine about 10 times in the last 5 years. Half of those changes where because I put 90% of my tax return towards debt. Taking thousands off a debt in one go. So, don't forget to redo your debt reduction plan when needed.

Next, know your finances (what's going in & out). Before I would get a check, put it in my account and pay bills, go out to eat, whatever. Having to check my account afterward to see if I had any money left or if I spent too much. Once I got my Debt plan set up, I then talked to my wife and financial advisor through my credit union (for free) and came up with how I manage my money now. I found a video last year that really summarized what I do with my bank account and how I know how much money I have each week. Here it is - [How to Properly Manage Your Money Like the Rich | Tom Ferry](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wJB90G-tsgo) \- Watch this 18 min video and you will understand how I have my account setup. I'll come back to this in a second.

Next, I made a Google Sheet (or use Excel). I look at my bank account to see what the lowest average of my last 5 or more checks was. I use that per check (biweekly) $# and use it for all my calculations. Now I take all, and I mean ALL of my recurring bills each month and list them. I take the monthly amount and divide it by 2 (in the sheet multiply by .5) to get a per check amount. Yearly bills divide by 24 to get biweekly. Total all of the per check amounts (in sheets =SUM) and have that go to a line (labeled Bills) that subtracts from my lowest check amount.  Next, I figure out how much I need for groceries each week. For me $120 per check, and have that subtract from my every check. Next, I put \~$50 into savings each check as well. Lastly, I put a line item(s) for my debts to come out of my check. So my google sheet looks like this:

&#x200B;

|Lowest Biweekly Check|$1,000|
|:-|:-|
|||
|Bills|\-$300|
|Groceries|\-$120|
|to Savings|\-$50|
|Debt1|\-$200|
|Debt2|\-$100|
|Debt3|\-$130|
|||
|To Spending (whatever is left of check goes here)|$100|

&#x200B;

Lastly, coming back to that video, I go to my credit union and have them make a bunch of accounts (checking and savings) under my one account. I then change the names of the accounts from "Checking 1, Savings 1, Savings 2..." to match the above "Bills, Groceries, Debt 1....and Spending" I have the bank set up my account so when my check is deposited into my checking, it automatically sends the amounts I have listed in my Google Sheet go to each account or loan it needs to. So a lot of my debt reduction and budgeting is automatic. Spending and Bills are checking accounts with their own debit cards. Recurring bills use the Bills account card number while I carry around the Spending Debit card to use for gas, going out to eat, whatever. After all my deductions come out of my Google Sheets calculations the remaining amount of my check goes into my Spending account, this lets me know how much I have each week to spend (about $100 a week for me). If I work more hours, more money shows up in Spending. Which I put extra towards a debt or I get myself a treat.  Again this needs to be updated a lot as bills and debts change. If my spending line item in Sheets ever is a Negative number, I know I need to cut some things out (like Hulu, or get a cell bill deal, remove cable TV...) to make it a positive number.

&#x200B;

This process has helped me and my family for the last 5 years. Hope this helps anyone who reads it.
.
Today is 3 years since i quit cigarettes cold turkey. I now know what a rose smells like
Kinda hokey but 3 years ago today I made the unplanned and impulse based choice to quit smoking cold turkey. I truly believe that is the way to do it. I say this as ive smoked pretty heavily and quitting was honestly not that bad. Not nearly as dreadful as I've always heard it to be. Maybe the planning, anticipation, weaning, and nicotine alternatives are what make the quitting process so torturous. A side note to this is I've always seen people smelling flowers and I never understood it and dismissed it as wier d behavior as they always smelled like nothing. The other day I walked past a grocery store floral dept and was hit with a something I never smelled before. Grabbed one and I could smell it for the first time i can recall. I guess my sense of smell finally returned.
.
I hate going through a drive thru, and their only menu is right at the speaker, but they immediately ask what you want.
Unless you're in n out, which has a very, very limited menu, put a menu further back in the line so we're ready when pulling up to the speaker. Don't make me sit at the speaker and read the entire menu in 5 seconds.
.
After Years of Trying, I’m Pregnant!
I just peeled myself off the bathroom floor, where I was ugly-happy crying. My husband is away this weekend and I had to tell someone! Obviously it’s very early and I should probably try to keep my emotions in check until it’s confirmed with a doctor, but a part of me believed I would never see those two pink lines. 

Who’s got ideas on how to break the news to my husband when he gets home, other than stampeding him when he walks through the door? 

Edit/update: holy crap, my first gold! Thank you, kind stranger! Like any good pregnant woman, my emotions are all over the place and reading all of these responses is making me tear up. I will update again when he gets home :D

Edit/update #2: the guy who drove him home came in with him for a few minutes, so the stampede was out, sadly. After the other guy left this is how hubby found out we are expecting...

Me: so, remember how we’ve talked about doing the bourbon trail? I was thinking this weekend that maybe we could do that for your birthday

Hubby: yes!

Me: but, I’m actually not sure we should do that

Hubby: why, do you think you’re pregnant?!

Me: I know I am, I got a positive test this morning!

Hubby: what?! This is so great! Yay!! (Comes over to kiss me) but wait. Why can’t we go to Kentucky? Now I have a DD!

Thanks for all the encouragement and fun ideas & stories, everyone! We are so excited! 
.
My physiotherapist fixed my malpositioned lumbar vertebra. It caused me pain for YEARS and made my life miserable.
TL;DR: Constant pain, physiotherapist gave me the crack, very satisfying, am happy, gonna have a life again.

I cannot really express the relief and anger I feel. For more than three years I had issues with my lower back. It started with me not being able to move in certain directions anymore. When I asked my doc, he said that was normal, I was just getting old or whatever. (I was 18 back then!) One year ago, the pain started. I could not sit for more than 30 mins at a time. We tried all the chairs, nothing worked. I got foot orthotics, didn't help. Physiotherapy didn't help. I stopped playing volleyball and instead learned proper swimmig technique. Swimming helped a bit, but only temporarily. Then, the injuries started. There were at least ten of them: I bent over, and pain shot through my entire body. I could not stand, sit, or sleep for at least a day when this happened; I was forced to just lie in bed and cry. The pain was terrible. Moreover, I was scared that I might need surgery because so many people who had surgery said it only made their problems worse.

I cannot describe how much my life has changed during the last three years. Everything I did revolved around not making my back worse. I did not go out because I could not sit or stand for any longer than an hour at best. Going to lectures at my university was making everything so much worse, so I basically only did a minimum of what I was required to, even though I love my studies to death! I went swimming at least every second day, but I couldn't go there by bus because sitting. I ate dinner standing in the kitchen, not being able to sit down with my boyfriend. It took so much time from me. My entire energy was drained from dealing with the pain on a daily basis. I lost weight and my friends said I looked miserable.

A few months ago, I found out that my spinal disc was damaged and bulged. I wanted to cry. How did this happen? What did I do wrong?! The doc prescribed another round of physiotherapy. I was supposed to build muscle to help support my lower back. Like I didn't already to this shit every day of my life!!!

My (new) physiotherapist, however, had different plans. In the first session, he noticed from the way that I lifted my legs that I had, what he called, a "blockage". It wasn't an actual blockage, he said - just a malposition of my vertebra. Instead of mainly building muscle, I got three sessions of massages and had to do a certain kind of stretch at home. After my fourth session of getting a massage, he twisted my back. It's hard to describe - I had to lie on my side and he pushed my upper body over. The sessions before that, this really hurt, but that fourth time, I did not feel pain. So he pushed a little further. My back: "CRACKKKKKKK".

Oh god. It was so SATISFYING. So incredibly satisfying! He did this for both sides. And that was the end of my malpositioned vertebra. Finally fixed, after years. I had to lie there with a warm pad and do stretches afterwards, and I still have to be very careful with my back so to not cause the malposition again. My body felt wobbly for the rest of the day. Now, two days later, my pain is completely gone. I can move my body in ways I could not for years, no problem. I want to cry. I can finally get better now. I can finally get back to having a life again!

Sorry for this essay! I just cannot keep myself from telling everyone what happened. I can finally leave this shit behind. Thanksie for listening! :)

EDIT: As many people thankfully pointed out, my description of what the hell actually happened to my back was wildly inaccurate. To quote u/AlphaBearMode: "What you're referring to is called a spinal manipulation. Chiropractors refer to them as adjustments. Physiologically, it's very unlikely that your physical therapist or any chiropractor for that matter actually repositions bones when they do spinal manipulations. The neurophysiological effect of a manipulation is what causes the pain relief. There may be joints that are "stuck" because of soft tissue or joint capsule restrictions, which associated with pain lead to muscle guarding, which then lead to restricted range of motion. A manipulation is designed to relieved that restriction thereby causing improved range of motion. However, there is no substantial change in bone positioning."

I'm sorry for having drawn such a whacky picture of what my PT did to my back. Also, I want to note that my problems are not all miraculously cured; I'm extremely sorry if I made you all hopeful if you are suffering from back pain yourself. There is still much work to be done from my side. This entire experience was still remarkable to me, though - mainly because I got to experience the sheer possibility of living pain-free, which I thought might not exist. So: If you suffer from pain like I do, I'm sorry if I gave you false hope. But don't let that make you feel down, either! Every pain is different, but I'm positive we can all get better if we keep on looking for solutions. :) Stay strong!!! <3
.
I'm coming up on 10 years free from my addiction to crystal meth
Well, where do I start?

My teenage years were a very dark time, I was arrogant and selfish. I began to experiment with drugs including synthetic cannabinoids and bath salts.
To make a long story short, I had burned bridges with everyone who loved me and became addicted to methamphetamine. I spent the better part of 2011 homeless and high to the point where my body was literally deteriorating. An 18 year old boy weighing in at a shocking 108 pounds. My grandparents took me in and I still was acting like a damn fool.
Finally, at the beginning of 2012, my dad moved to Texas and offered to take me with him. I was so tired of scrounging for dope and being ruled by a substance to the point that it was literally killing me so I agreed to go with him to separate myself from any connections I had to meth.
It was a long and hard road to not only kicking my addictions but also growing up.

I sit before you here and now, haven't touched the stuff in nearly a decade(9+ years) and I have a beautiful wife and 2 wonderful children, my own car and my own house.

Looking back, my eyes well with tears to remember what I had become and the things I did. I am filled with pride knowing that I beat my crippling addiction.

I am so happy to be here, today.


Edit: Thank you so much for my first silver! This is so encouraging! I did not expect so much positive feedback!

Edit: Wow my first gold and silver on one post. You guys, the flood of encouragement and love I'm getting from y'all is too good to be true. I'm tearing up right now as I write this. Thank you so much!

Edit: Now my first platinum. This is so encouraging. Thank you so much for all of your kindness. Each and every one of you.
.
How 5 year old me was vegan for 23 hours and 57 minutes
Back when I was just a young boy of 5 years old, my teacher spent an entire afternoon teaching our class about being vegan and about how good it is for the environment and whatnot.

So when I came home, fully indoctrinated of course, and my parents and I sat down for dinner, I had something important to announce. 

The conversation went like this:

Me: *"mom, dad, I've got something to tell you."*

Parents: *"alright buddy, what's up?"*

Me: *"starting tomorrow, I'm going to be a lesbian for the rest of my life."*

Parents (with raised eyebrows): *"oh...? A lesb... Aha... Well, whatever floats your boat!"*

Me: *"yup, it's true, this dinner will be the last meat I ever eat!"*

When my parents, after a couple of microseconds of exchanging confused looks, realised I mixed up the words 'vegan' and 'lesbian', they were *almost* literally rolling on the floor laughing.

The next day my mom made grilled chicken, French fries, and a **huge** salad (because as a vegan, the salad and French fries would be the only thing I'd eat); my favorite meal. 

Needless to say I didn't last long, and after 3 minutes of intensely staring at that grilled chicken, I caved in, and that was the end of my 23 hour and 57 minutes of being a lesbian/vegan.
.
I can't watch shows like "The Office" because I get too embarrassed for the characters. Does anyone else do this?
What is that even called? Just empathy? Like I know if you watch something gory you can get sympathy pain. Sympathy embarrassment?


Edit: So it looks like a lot of other people have this issue too. It's nice to know I'm not weird - or at least not alone in my weirdness. I can't possibly reply to everyone but I've been looking over my inbox; some replies are insightful, others just conversational. The thing I want to point out though is that there are hundreds of comments here and not ONE is negative or telling me how much I suck or describing my mother's sex life. I wanted to say thank you for that. It's very uncommon online in my experience and I hope it stays that way. This sub really is something special.
.
I kept a baby from going to surgery today
I'm a radiologist, and this is my weekend to work. 14 hours Friday, Saturday and Sunday. It's a non-stop flogging. I've been feeling fairly burned out lately. You spend all day reading films, and some days you sit back and think, "I haven't helped anyone today." I missed opening day of little league yesterday and my boy's first t-ball game. I was feeling pretty low. 

Today, they brought in an 8 month old baby with  [intussusception. ](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Intussusception_(medical_disorder)) As a radiologist, I get the opportunity to fix the problem. I have to do an enema to try to get the colon back into normal position. We typically try three times, and if we're not successful, the surgeons take over and open them up. 

I did my three tries, and got it about 95% fixed, but it has to be 100%. I looked at the surgeon, and he agreed to keep going. On the fourth try, the baby's belly was so distended. He was crying, my tech got sprayed in the face with contrast (very sticky and coming from the baby's butt) and I think the surgeons were getting ready to make the calls to get the OR ready. All of a sudden, BAM!, the contrast went where it was supposed to go and the problem was fixed!  No surgery!  The baby was suddenly quiet because it no longer hurt. The surgeons cheered because they didn't have to cut. Even the tech that was sprayed with dirty contrast was happy ( she said she'd wear it with pride today). 

This is the best day I've had in a long time and I really needed it.  I actually had to go back to my office to shed a little tear out of happiness. 

Now, back to work. Let the flogging resume. 


Edit:  Thank you for the gold and silver. 

I made this post because I was very happy about being able to avoid sending the baby to surgery. I see studies all the time that are knee-jerk "send them to surgery" cases.  I thanked my team a lot for their help, and I will certainly speak to their supervisor tomorrow.  

I realize that my reports are important, even my reports that have no acute findings. Being a radiologist, I seldom get to "lay hands" on a patient and even less often haveł such a positive outcome. So often, when I do deal directly with patients, it's too give bad news (I'm sorry, the fetus has died or I'm sorry, but I really think this is breast cancer, etc).   Seeing the relief on the baby's face when the intussusception was reduced was awesome. That baby had gone through a rough night and hadn't slept much. Two minutes after we were finished, the baby was sound asleep. 

I appreciate everyone's comments. There are no heroes here. Just a group of people doing what they are trained to do and honestly trying their best to do what's right for this child. Fortunately, this time we succeeded. 
.
My daughter's first experience in a Uber.
After a night of drinking with my co-workers at our yearly staff party, I take a Uber home. Well the next day me and my daughter, who is 6, had to get to school. I order us a Uber to get to my car. We are standing outside waiting on the driver and she says mom, where's your car? I inform her it is still at my job and we were waiting on a ride to go get it. Our driver arrives and we're on the way to my car. The driver had a envelope where you can put cash tips in, So I do so and this is where all my daughter's questions began. She said mom, why did you just put money in your friends car? I tell her this guy isn't my friend, she then questions me if he's my boyfriend. After assuring her this guy wasn't by boyfriend, I explain to her that we were in a Uber, and it's a car service that gives rides where you need to go. After being dropped off at my car she processed to ask if the driver was a stranger, I said, well yes because technically he was. That was a BAD idea. My 6 year old goes all motherly on me saying. "You always say not to talk to strangers or get in their cars. Why did we do that, something bad could have happened to us. I could have never seen you again." This continue for about 5 minutes. At that point I didn't know what to say because she was right lol. I let her know that in that situation only it was okay. I am mom and I know what I'm doing. 

If you made it this far I hope you got a good laugh out of this. I know I did. Thanks for reading.

UPDATE: I first like to say thank you to those who understood what my post way about.  I also want it to be know that my daughter isn’t like most 6 year old, she has some learning disabilities that effect her ability to retain information, unless it’s something we speak frequently about. Secondly she wasn’t in the Uber by herself at 6 years old, and she didn’t go with me to my staff party. This was the first and second time I have ever used a Uber. I don’t go out very often so it’s not something I thought I needed to explain. I have however taken some of the advice and informed her on the security features of using Uber. I’m not a perfect parent but I do my best. Thanks to everyone for the kind comments.
.
My husband just ran upstairs where I was writing an essay. He was holding a loaded bong and a loaded bubbler, which he set down on the table in front of me. He ripped off his pants and shirt and yelled, “Sunday Funday motherfucker, let’s go!”
Do you ever just look at somebody and remember why you fell in love with them in the first place? Why you have continued to stay with them through all the bullshit? What reminds you of why you chose them?

This. This is why. I’m so glad I married this man. This essay won’t write itself and I might regret putting it off another day, but it can wait. I’d rather spend this time with my love. It’s Sunday Funday motherfuckers, let’s go! 




Update: I just want to say thank you to everyone for your kind words! I did not expect this post to be upvoted as much as it has been, but it's been so much fun reading all your comments and stories. I love to read them! The vast majority of the comments here have been positive, with only a few Negative Nancy's trying to put us down for enjoying natural medicine. My husband made me crack up laughing when he did this. I had been focused on school work for the entire day and he knew I didn't have any more assignments due by midnight and I was just trying to work on the essay to get a little ahead of the game, but it was time for me to stop and wind down. I did finish the essay this morning though, so no harm done in stopping and enjoying our Sunday Funday! I hope everyone has a fantastic rest of their week. Reading your comments has kept a smile on my face on this Monday. :)
.
Just over 2 years ago I was T-boned in an intersection by a Learner that wasn't paying attention to traffic. Today was the first day I woke up WITHOUT pain!
Just over 2 years ago I was T-boned in an intersection by a Learner that wasn't paying attention to traffic. Because of my job, and my lack of proactive work in the beginning, my neck and shoulders tensed up to the point of non-movement. Since then I have struggled with constant pain and the inability to live my life to its fullest. I haven't been able to practice martial arts, archery, or much else that involves my upper body. 

Thanks to massage therapy I was able to start moving again. Thanks to an intensive stretching routine that I've kept up 2 - 4 times daily I've had my muscles slowly relax and allow healing. And more recently thanks to my chiropractor my spine has been able to go back to its natural position. 

After all of that, today was the first day I woke up not in pain, not sore, not stiff, just normal. This doesn't mean my battle is over. I'm not quite fixed yet, but I'm close. I feel more human and more myself than I have in 2 long painful years. 

There is chronic pain out there that cannot be fixed, I must acknowledge that. But, if you have been injured and feel pain because of that injury, take heart that you can come through it. It's not quick, it's not easy, and you will need professional help, but it's possible to regain a life without pain. 

One day I'll return to my old hobbies, and I will have my life back. I am determined to live a life without daily pain, and today I felt my first taste of success in almost 2 years.
.
Just locked myself out of my house and I‘m almost happy I did..
I brought the garbage out and forgot to bring the keys with me, which resulted in me being hungry (I just got back from the gym) and outside in the cold weather. I only have my phone with me, grabbed it in the last minute, and that „saved“ me. Unfortunately none of my neighbors is home to open the building‘s door for me. 

Now because I live in a first world country, I walked to a nearby restaurant, asked if I could pay with Apple Pay and ordered a nice warm soup and some chicken. They even offered to charge my phone for me if needed. I‘m there now writing this and it made me think about how ridiculous my worries are. How ridiculous life is!

You see, I come originally from a third-world country in Africa. If the same situation would’ve happened there, I‘d probably go from door to door in the neighborhood and get offered lunch until one of my building’s neighbors comes back. It is also mostly certain, that someone would offer to try and pick the locks of my building for me. (If I try this here, I‘m sure someone would rightly call the police on me :-D )

Why am I telling you this? Well, first because I‘m bored in the restaurant and don’t have my headphones with me to listen to an audiobook or some music. But mostly because lately I‘ve been worrying about so many things in my life, and forgot how lucky I am. Not only because of the privilege of being able to pay with my phone so that I don’t go hungry and don’t have to wait in front of the building in this cold weather. But more importantly because even if I was back home in Africa, I would also find a solution and life would go on (ok getting locked out is not that dramatic, I know, stop rolling your eyes).

I‘ve been looking for a job for some months now, the one I found comes with so many complications and risks that I‘ve been negotiating the contract with them for the last month.. I broke up with someone I liked a lot because of circumstances and that left me heartbroken.. I‘ve been struggling with an injury I got after a minor accident last summer and am still taking care of it.. so you see, getting locked out is not the most dramatic thing right now for me, but nonetheless it made me realize that I will always find a way and that I am grateful for what I have. 

Thank you for reading, I‘ll go home now and hopefully one of my neighbors is back home :-)
.
I just became friends with a Nigerian scammer lol
Well I was selling my camera online and got a suspicious message and decided to call him out. Instead of going off I told him he can do better and he doesn’t deserve random strangers hating him. I gave him some pointers on how to make money and spread love and positivity. And he did! I just got off the phone with him and his two younger siblings he’s caring for and now they’re making art and he’s volunteering at a local food place in exchange for food and some money to get by. He sent me a picture of a drawing his little sister drew for me haha. 

Edit: friendly reminder to give kindness of its not reciprocated or appreciated you lose nothing and if it is you could’ve just made someone’s day 

Edit #2: everyone try to turn your email/internet scammers to the light side and get them to strike haha

Edit #3: [scam fren](https://imgur.com/gallery/DlpQVVW) 
.
I officially escaped poverty!
I (29F) just received an incredible job offer - and now with both my and my fiance's salaries, we're officially upper middle class. I can't believe it and the tears keep coming. 

I grew up very poor. 

My dad walked door to door with a lawn mower - trying to make enough money to keep his EIGHT kids fed. Plenty of love, but not much money. 

We were all crammed into a tiny trailer. Holes in the floors and infested with roaches. My parents tried their best, but it was hard. Ever heard the song Fancy by Reba McEntire? I didn't actually understand WHAT the song was about growing up, but it was my anthem because I understood that a girl went from poverty to taking care of herself. 

To know that I have truly moved away from worrying about where my next meal is coming from or running out of toilet paper or gas - that is overwhelming and humbling. 

I'm so grateful. And I just needed to share that with someone.
.
When I worked at Wendy's, I used to meow when customers pulled up to the drive through
And one customer was an angry man, and before he pulled around to my window, I heard him say, "if there's a cat in there I'm calling health inspectors!"

So, when he got to my window, I meowed at him. The look on his face was priceless.
.
Sweet chinese lady who took my order corrected it to “no meat” because she saw my ashes
I got ashes today, and am supposed to not eat meat. I stopped in a chinese place to pick up some wontons (yum) and accidentally ordered beef wontons. She tapped her forehead in reference to my ashes and said “no meat today, just cheese?” What a saint because I forgot I even had them on my head all day. 
.
My boyfriend remembered something small I liked & it really warmed my heart.
I’ve been with my boyfriend since we were in high school - 11th grade. We’re 24/25 now. He’s the love of my life and I truly don’t know what I’d do without him ; I’ve got long nails & can’t crack open my can of Diet Coke w/o him :P

We got drunk & played pool the other night after a very long week of work then went to get food. Where we live there’s usually only 4 choices for late night meals (McDonald’s , Taco Bell, Sonic , or Halal) and we picked Taco Bell. I was excited to hear they still had pizza available (it’s one of those Taco Bell/Pizza Hut hybrids) and got that. I always ask for extra marinara bc I like to dip my pizza in it too. He ordered my pizza and asked for extra sauce right away without me asking or reminding him. It’s something so small but it really made me smile and made me feel all fuzzy for him as I always do.I’m not setting the bar low like omg he remembers I like extra sauce lmao. He always goes above & beyond for me, but I just think it’s nice when they remember the minuscule things.

**Update as of 6:17PM: Please stop commenting saying that this is sad because I’m praising him for doing something he should already be doing , this was suppose to be a feel good post to share with others and to have a discussion about the cute things our SO’s do for us. Get your heads outta your asses and just spread some love omg.**
.
To everyone else who is also alone on Christmas eve / Christmas day , it's ok. It's better than being with people who don't love you. We are strong and awesome and we can have a great time on our own !
I know it's a bit late but to anyone else who is also spending Christmas alone , you are awesome! I just wanted to say you guys are all awesome and kind and amazing people and if you couldn't be with your family or your friends are away  ( like me ) and the one you love isn't with you  (in my case don't ask ) or whatever reason, you can still have a good time. Pour yourself a glass and toast to an awesome you ! 
.
I just deleted all of my social media(besides the best one;) and got rid of all of the toxic people in my life.
I finally feel like I am in a sense of control sort of. I feel lighter and extremely energetic.  After several years of only having people talking to me because i can get them weed is over. Maybe i can now actually start to make some real friends for once.  I still dont really know whether to be excited or nervous becuase now I feel like Im gonna start a lot of drama but Im trying to think happy and keep on the lighter side but idk. I really just hope that this is a step in a better direction.

edit: Its the next day now, i dont regret anything.
also im only 17 so doing this is pretty big and facebook i kept my account but i dont have it installed so i could talk to relatives
.
My friend showed exactly what kind of friend she is.
This girl and I have been friends for about 8 years now, it's been rocky at times, but today she really showed what kind of friend she truly is. Today, I was heading to work, I pulled into the parking lot, motor started knocking and immediately shut off, I couldn't check it though until lunch. Come lunch a buddy drives me to get some oil, we put in about 3 quarts (it was in the right range when I left but needed 3 quarts from 20 minutes of driving...), and I'm able to drive it now. I limp it home, hazards on the whole way, park it, and send a snapchat of the car saying "she's dead jim", to my close friends. She sees it, and immediately messages me asking if I'm in a safe area (I live in a shitty area), if I made it home, and then she asks me if my car needs jump started, that she'll drive over to do that. She lives almost 40 minutes away, and was willing to drop everything to come and help me. That's the kind of friend she is, and I couldn't be any luckier of a guy to have a friend like that.

https://gfycat.com/ThesePeskyDoctorfish Here's the car
.
There should be a subreddit for pairing people up to do nothing except check in on each other once or twice a week to ask how their day has been.
It would be casual, a bit like this subreddit, except only 2, at most 3, people would come together together to talk, probably via DM.

It would also be a bit like having a penpal, except with penpals there's generally an expectation that you'd have interesting things to say, that you'd write a certain amount, reply a certain amount. Here there would be no such expectation. You can write as little or as much as you like, on totally boring subjects, and the other person would be under no obligation to reply with anything other than an acknowledgement, like, "that sucks, hope you're feeling better," or, "that's cool."

What do you think? Would it work? Maybe it needs thinking through a bit more. Something you'd be interested in participating in?
.
After sending out well over 1000 resumes in the last 3 years I finally have an interview!
I’m a petroleum engineer that’s been out of the field since 2015.  I’ve applied to every job that I’m qualified for and many that are above my experience level.  I’ve been working other jobs that I don’t hate but I’m not passionate about since I was laid off (economic downturn of oil).  I finally got an email today for an interview for a position that is my ideal job, I’m perfectly qualified and have a little more than what they’re asking for.  I’m not going to lie, it made me cry just to finally have a company not send me a rejection.  I just wanted to share with everyone that’s going through tough times that the good times can be just around the corner, don’t give up.  I haven’t gotten the job yet but it just feels right.

Edit:  just want to say how overwhelmed I am by how supportive everyone has been, thank you all so much, you have no idea how much I needed a little bit of good news and support!

Edit 2: just got off the phone for my interview, I feel like it went really well! She said that they will be sending out emails next week for their selections on second round interviews.

Edit 3: (9/18/2018) if there’s anyone still following this I just want to thank everyone for their support and let you know that I had a final interview today (not the same job but one I was recommended for from the other company) and I have been hired pending accepting an official offer!!!
.
I tried to kill myself two months ago. Tomorrow I'm starting my first job in 10 years.
The first time I attempted suicide was almost a decade ago. After spending the majority of the last 9 years in bed, attempting suicide again two months ago, yesterday I had my first job interview in 10 years... And... I got the job. 

I realise that it may not seem like an achievement or an accomplishment. But nonetheless, I want to share this in hopes that it may help someone somehow. 

I don't know where this is going to lead, or whether or not I'm going to stick to it. I am scared, anxious, confused and uncertain but I'm also incredibly proud of myself for not giving up and taking another chance at life.

Thank you for taking the time to read and respond.

Edit: Thank you for the gold x2 kind strangers 😢

Edit: Sitting in the car park during my lunch break reading all your lovely comments and I'm literally in tears 😢😭

Edit: Thank you so much to everyone who replied. I couldn't have gone through the first week without your heartfelt replies. I have posted an update:
https://www.reddit.com/r/CasualConversation/comments/8pnkou/i_spent_almost_a_decade_in_bed_i_now_have_a/
.
A bot just wished me "happy cakeday" and it made me smile for the first time in a week.
Apparently, today it my account birthday on Reddit. How fun. Anyways, these last couple of days have been really rough for me. I ran out of one of my medications (an SSRI), so I started experiencing the withdrawal effects from that. My lack of sleep has also been getting to me, which is not only affecting my own mental well-being, but also my relationships with others. On top of it all, I have the stress of it being my last semester of school, I find myself stressed and uncertain about my future. In essence, I have felt very down about myself. I don't think I would ever go through with harming myself, but it's trying times like these that really put that to the test. I just have to remember that there are people out there who care for me, even if we seldom talk or see each other. If anyone ever needs someone to talk to, I'm here for you. You are worth it - please remember that. 

TL:DR - I'm pretty sad right now and a bot made my day.

Edit: I left when this had 77 upvotes and now's it's up to almost 700. Thank you for all the words of kindness, encouragement, and just general advice / guidance. Each and everyone of you who took the time to comment - thank you so much. I know it may not mean a lot to you, but it really means a lot to me. I intent to respond to each and every one of you. Let's all make tomorrow another best day! 

Edit Pt. 2: Link to the post with the bot (hope I didn't screw it up):

https://www.reddit.com/r/Showerthoughts/comments/av8x33/for_all_we_know_there_could_be_an_alternate
.
I'm so excited my new bird is starting to trust me!!
This is Ozzy (because Crazy Train gets him [PUMPED](https://youtu.be/I8QwyRhCJ_c) lol <-- here's a video). He's about 8 months old and I got him a few weeks ago. While I was googling how to be the perfect bird mom I realized it was gonna take awhile to get him to trust me. Birds don't have many defense mechanisms and are naturally scared of humans since we are very large predators. 

I left him alone the first few days to let him get accustomed to my room (this part was SO HARD all I wanted to do was love him but I couldn't even look at him from across the room without him hiding). After a few days I started sitting near his cage while I talked to him but he still hid from me. There is this plant called millet that parakeets/budgies go *crazy* for and they suggest new owners use that to bribe your new bird on to your hand. The problem with that was, he was so young he'd never had millet before and didn't know what he was missing out on, so he hid from that too. 

I literally spent two weeks just holding the millet inside his cage waiting for him to get comfortable enough to check it out. Finally, yesterday he did! He climbed on the side of his cage and stretched his neck as far as he could trying to reach it (to avoid standing on my finger). I leaned it towards him so he could taste it, then moved it away again. That's when he finally hopped on my hand to get some more! I let him have a few bites, then took it away. He hopped back off my finger and I walked away to give him some space. A few minutes later he was yelling and dancing to get my attention, I came back over, offered my hand, and he started climbing all over me! I'm so excited!! We made insane progress yesterday and I can't wait to get home from work so we can play some more!

(reposted, last attempt was removed because I included a photo with my face. My bad mods!) :) 

Edit: I told myself I would never do this if I ever got gold on a post, but I've been redditing for years and my new baby helped me get my first one! Thank you stranger, I will now start teaching Ozzy to say "thanks reddit!" and update if he does(;


http://imgur.com/a/bOlC7H5
.
I just rubbed my very anxious BF back for 20 mins to help him finally fall asleep.
He’s been overly stressed for the past two weeks and really hasn’t been sleeping. I normally pass out way before him so at night he deals with his anxious mind by hisself. However I got to nap for 5 hours today. So I’m wide awake. I’m happy to help him. To feel his body calm down as I lightly touched his skin. I can hear him breathing so hard. He’s out and I couldn’t be happier for him!
.
Today I voluntarily woke up at 5:30 am for the first time, and I feel happier than I’ve felt in weeks
I always sleep in, in fact when I told my parents I woke up at 5:30 voluntarily, they thought I was on drugs or something. I’m just so proud of myself, because I’ve been struggling with routine and not just sitting around doing nothing all summer. So I woke up at 5:30 this morning, made a bowl of cereal and a cup of tea, and sat outside until the sun rose. Then I painted for a bit, filled the bird feeder, and read some. There’s just something about watching the sun rise, when there’s nobody else around, where you can’t help but feel a lot of peace. I really hope I can keep this up and work on my hobbies, I just feel so calm I absolutely love it.
.
I am a person who disappeared. I want to share my story with you.
At first I was shocked at how easy it was, and how far I didn't have to go in order to just... be somewhere and someone else, where no one knew me, and I was new again. I am from a small town of < 20k, so I was used to everybody knowing everyone and everyone knowing everybody's business-- including mine. Which made my crumbling marriage and soon-to-be divorce all the less palatable to my mid-twenties mindset. I knew she was leaving, so when she walked out the door for good, I decided rather than hear and be disposed to the gossip of town that I would Don Draper this life. Well... minus ID fraud.


I didn't show up to work the next day, or ever again. Instead I woke up that morning, showered, and collected myself. Water pouring down my face concealing tears I counted out my steps. Mirror-facing and toothbrush askew in my mouth I collected my thoughts. Shoes tied and binds unbound I begged myself for resolve. Cigarette lit and phone in hand I called my landlord and broke the lease. 


Now, what do I do with all this shit I can't take with me? Next phone call was a storage company. Wait, how do I get it all there? Next phone call, U-haul. Oh good, they were right down the street. I walked to it.

I returned and started, almost literally, just tossing the unnecessary shit of my life into it. 


Couch can't fit in my car. In it goes. 


TV isn't going with me, in it goes. 


Look at all these clothes, and look at all hers! In they went. 


*Man... fuck this bed. My back hurts. Fuck you bed, you're not coming with me.*


My ex-wife and I didn't have much, we led minimalist lifestyles. I remember the exact moment I drew the door shut on that storage unit and clamped the lock down. *That's step one.*


I filled my car to the brim with what I considered necessities. Guitar? Check. Clothes I'd need? Check. Laptop? Check. All that shit. I remember thinking it looked like I was homeless. *Oh shit. I am homeless.* Actually, the thought made me smile. Anyway.

Buzz. *Facebook notification? Oh.. delete this shit.* I deleted it all. No Facebook, no Instagram, no Twitter, no SnapChat, no LinkedIn, nothing. All of it, gone. And not just off my phone. The accounts were all deleted. It's like I was never there, digitally or in the flesh. *That's step two.*

Drove down to the landlord's house and returned the keys. *That's step three.* Another phone call. *Hi, yes I need to disconnect the electricity at 123 CleverFeather St. Yes. Yes. Billing address? Uh... 123 CleverFeather's Ex-Wife's Mom's St. Yes. Thank you."* I thought that was cheeky.


Returned the U-haul and then I drove. No goodbyes. No parting text messages. As quickly as I arrived, I was gone even quicker. It was night at this point. I was a nomad. I remember careening down the interstate at one point and just howling at the moon with what felt like a new lease on life. *I'm free. I'm free. I'm free.*


I stopped driving after what felt like forever and the blink of an eye. I felt punchdrunk, engorged on possibility. *Nashville? Hm. Alright let's set up here.* I had been here a couple of times. I pulled in the back parking lot of a bar I had been to once because a band I liked said they had been there before. Silly reasons were the best reasons at the moment.


I looked at my phone. I had a couple of texts from friends asking if I wanted to go to our favorite bar that night. A missed call from another person. I never returned the texts. In the coming weeks those messages would increase in urgency and relevance. 

Buzz. *Where are you?* 


Buzz. *Did you delete me on Facebook?* 


Buzz. *What the fuck man?* 


Buzz. *Are you and her splitting up? What's going on?*


Buzz. *This is fucked up. No one knows what happened to you.*


Everyone, everything reminded me of her. I had to do this for me. Selfishly. If that was BC, this is AD. I had $800 in my bank account. I was going to make this work. I had to. The bar had free wifi, pretty slow but quick enough to sift through craigslist for rooms for rent. I found a couple. *Message sent.*


I remember walking up the ramp that led into the bar, and reveling in what I had done. The air was different, it was a city after all. The people were faceless, just as I was now. It was a Thursday night in October. It was brisk. I walked in and sat down at the bar, there were a few people here and there. Some I remember seeing and little did I know I would come to call them my friends in time.


*Hey stranger, what are you drinkin'?*


"I'll have a bourbon on the rocks. My name is CleverFeather, by the way. Nice to meet you."


I smiled.
.
I hugged my girlfriend today.
The title pretty much explains it. We've been talking since November of last year but started dating 2 weeks ago. 

This hug was special and called for as I chickened out the last time. It was nothing romantic but it just felt so good. We shared an umbrella afterwards which was fun. 

I don't know if this is the right sub for this story but I just had to share it with someone. 

I've never felt happier.

Edit: (this was our first hug)
 
Edit: u/dontlickdoors is my girlfriend!
.
I dont care a lick about the end game thingy, so if you have a risky click tag me in the comments and I'll let you know if its safe.
Just trying to help out, I've seen a lot of gif spoilers today that look like good clicks but end up being spoilers, and since I dont care about the movie, I'm willing to screen for you as long as you dont expect an immediate response.  

Good luck out there spoiler avoiders!

Fyi there have been spoilers in the comments, I believe all are deleted but scroll at your own risk!

Other volunteers so you dont have to scroll through and risk a spoil to find them:
u/thinjester
u/navyanchor03
u/boixrbsf
u/linwail
u/dart_catcher
u/2fab4you
u/red7336
u/wolfman2158
u/zephyrwindfall
u/--imhighrightnow--
u/hoodiegalore
u/solsantibuttcrack
u/daaaamnright
u/thedeltalambda
u/whitesammy
u/stealthy42_
u/abinicity
u/alienbanter
u/who_cares99
u/danosauris
u/clemen11
u/that_guy_jimmy
u/dragonsblade72
u/limooutfront
u/sarkozywasthere_
.
What are karma points?
So after much persistence from my friends, I finally joined reddit and the first thing after my username is Karma points. Some subreddits won't even let me post until I have enough Karma.
So can anyone explain to me what these Karma points are and how to get them.

P.S. sorry for the bad grammar

EDIT : Wow!. the amount of likes and comments are waay much more than I expected it to be.
Either this community is a pretty cool community or I'm hallucinating.
Thanks again to everyone

EDIT#2 : and the love keeps on pouring.GOOD GOD!. I don't think I've ever had even a  tenth of the upvotes of this post ever in my short existence. Thanks Y'all and keep on being AWESOME.
.
I dont remember that last time I thought about killing myself.
I realized this today. Then I thought about how far I've come, and how I feel like I can actually breath and that I dont feel like I'm drowning anymore. Some days are tougher than others of course but I have the tools to cope so I dont go down to such a dark place. I dont know...I'm just genuinely happy that I can say this. I never had 100% certainty I would get to this point. I can actually see a future for myself, and I have a ton of goals that I can visualize myself completing. It just feels good.

Edit: thank you for the gold and silver!

I wasnt expecting this to go anywhere. This has been after 10 years of work. If this post doesnt do anything else, I would hope that it just adds a tiny light for someone.

Edit:
Yes, I had professional help for many years and along the way learned different ways to cope that continue to help. I just want to say seeking out professional help was the first truly helpful step I took. 

Edit: 
Disclaimer: if you are experiencing mental health issues, dont trust a stranger on the internet, seek help from professionals who are trained to assist you and can actually give meaningful assistance.
.
Sometimes I forget I can just do stuff if I want.
The other day I was in the grocery store and saw cakes in the bakery section.  I was like “man that cake looks good, maybe next birthday”. Which my birthday is almost a year away.  

Then it struck me. I can buy a fucking cake whenever I want. They’re only $15 for a whole god damn cake.  Why do I wait a whole year to have one!?

I have no kids, no wife, I’m self employed and it’s all remote work without any schedule... I don’t answer to anyone. I eat super healthy and exercise.  I make good money so there is zero reason I can’t just get some cake.  

It struck me that I do this in other ways in my life.  Later that week I was talking to a friend about wanting to go to another part of the country to go on this hike I heard was cool

They pointed out “why don’t you?  You can work from anywhere, you got the time, you got money, why not leave now?”

I responded “you’re 100% right! Why don’t i?”  So I said goodbye, packed my bag and walked out the front door to go hiking.  

I guess it’s crazy the barriers we put up in our own minds.

**EDIT 1:**

Wow so this blew up.  

First off yes I bought the cake... kinda 

I actually decided to make a keto version so I got a keto brownie mix and carb smart ice cream.  I ate really strict that day so I could fit it into my 20 carbs for the day.  

It was 13 net carbs and 450 calories 

https://imgur.com/gallery/hsFBwhP


**EDIT 2:**

Yes this can be a slippery slope.  The cake example was merely the thing that sparked the thought. Actually most of my “I can do it if I want” things have been pretty active things. Like I decided to hike all the parks in my state parks system here in NC.  Also started a sci-fi book club.  

**EDIT 3:**

So people are asking what I do.  I started my own website 10 years ago and have been doing it full time for 6 years.  I’m essentially a blogger (which means I’m inherently a marketer too).  I earn about half my income from ads and half from ebook sales.  My website is TheTinyLife.com
.
Hi Reddit, I just want to talk for a second.
I know you'll probably be staring at this wall of text below but please, please, bare with me. 

I kinda live in my own little world. It's almost like I was the kid who never grew out of the fantasy stage of day dreaming. I live on my own in my early twenties, and I don't have any family or friends left around me. I've gotten really heartbroken lately, and it's to the point where I have little conversations in my head, or at best with the inanimate objects around my house. I thought, maybe I could talk to you instead, Reddit. 

Maybe I see everything through rose-colored glasses. I imagine the rest of you, the Internet, out there in your little homes. I see all the lights that pour out from living room windows in the evening, the people who walk their dogs in the morning, or those who silently commute to work in their cars. It's like looking over a minature model display of what mundane, but intriguing things are going on around me. 

I lay in bed a lot and I think about all of you. I think about what it's like to be working in the office cubicle on Thursdays or sitting down at the restaurant with a few others to have some chow. Life moves all around us so quietly and undiscernably.  I'm amazed by it. When I close my door for the night and turn off all the lights, I think about you guys. It helps me feel like I'm a part of it all. It is a little network that I think of as so much bigger. Just wanted to share this with you all. 

EDIT: Good morning, to all my fellow redditors out there. After a restless night, I just woke up to the lovely outpouring this post sparked within our community. I cannot express my gratitude at everyone's contribution to my little world. Simply overnight, I now have all these wonderful new lives to add to my plot. It's like discovering the world hidden in your backyard for the first time as a child. 

I'll be taking the time to go through every post on here and read every single word. I want you all to know how special you are, as well. It's all us lonely people, wondering about other lonely people, trying to connect from the outside looking in. 

It feels like I was just grasped in the tightest, warmest bear-hug the internet could ever provide. We're all in this big crowd, pushing in. I am so inspired by you all. It brings me a ton of happiness that you also included some little things about yourselves. From now on, I'll be thinking about you, in your cities and little houses, and how you watch GOT under all the blankets, or sit up late at night to play video games. Those of you that try not to snack after 8pm, have the sweetest pets as companions, walk to class in the sun, order an iced coffee, listen to your podcast, paint your house, play with sticks in the front yard, and think about your lover that has passed on. 

A book? A documentary? I'm going to have to include you all in something. It's been magical, Reddit. 
.
I'm gonna be a dad!!!!!
Holy shit, we finally got to the point where it's acceptable to tell people! My wife doesn't want it put on Facebook yet for office politics reasons and I need to scream it to someone so here I am!

I can't really believe it - I'm equal parts excited and fucking terrified! We've told close friends and a couple of people at work, but part of me wants to hop in a car driving around the city screaming from a megaphone!

So, to promote conversation, what's your best new-parent tip?

EDIT: Thanks so much for all the replies, well wishes, and very useful advice! (Also whoever gave me my first reddit gold!) I've been trying to reply to comments as fast as I can but they are coming in faster than I can type (also I'm at work so I actually have to do something productive today!) I'll keep replying when I can. Thanks again!

EDIT 2: Guys thanks so much again for all the tips and nice words - I have to head out for the evening so I can't reply for a few hours, but thanks again!
.
As a father of three children and husband of a fairly sensitive woman
I must understand that my mood and energy filters down throughout the household, like King Leonidas of the Spartans. And I shall lead us to victory but instead of killing the Persian army, we will kill debt, insecurities/fear, and bad habits and go on vacations and every day we will wake up and grab our shields (backpacks, work clothes) and go out into the world prepared for war, and we will emerge victorious and do it all with a smile on our face! 
.
I love my cat so fucking much
 my cat Athena is honestly the light of my life. She goes everywhere I go. I go into the bathroom. She waits. I go on the computer. She sits on my chair. I go to bed. She sleeps on my chest. I close a door and she whines to come back to me. I over sleep. She head-butts me until I wake up. I love her so fucking much and she has helped me get out of a rough spot in my life and as sad as it sounds, she’s the only one that is there for me even though she’s just a cat. But sometimes I just look at her and I burst out with love and appreciation for how great and cute she is and with the realization that this living animal loves me more than anything that she is willing to wait for me to get out of the bathroom. When I first got her, it only took her 2 days to get used to me and start purring around me while she still hasn’t gotten used to my mom and it’s been 6 months. It honestly makes me feel so loved and special and I LOVE HER SO MUCH. I can’t believe that there is a living animal that loves me so much :D I love my other cat, Shadow, too but he doesn’t spend as much time with me and I feel guilty making this post without including him. He’s the sweetest boy ever but not as affectionate as Athena but I still love them both :)


Edit: thank you for the medals. These are all my firsts and I greatly appreciate it :)

Here are some pictures of my cats for people that want them!
Shadow: https://imgur.com/a/UWAXEJp
Athena: https://imgur.com/dKtQPBZ and https://imgur.com/KwQIFma
.
I unsubscribed from trashy and other subs that insult people
Just seemed too negative for me. I'm certain I can be judged for not meeting societal standards in appearance, language, or actions, so why should I judge others?

And I don't have a problem with people in those subs, but it's not for me anymore.
.
My friend’s autistic son finally addressed me by my name.
My friend’s autistic son is five years old and I’ve known him his whole life. He’s never made eye contact with or spoken directly to anyone, etc. Not that we don’t have a good time together, but developmentally he’s obviously not in the same place as other children his age. The last time I saw him was in October and it was the same old; I greet him and he usually just runs by without acknowledging me. 

Yesterday we all met up as an early Christmas get-together and to my surprise and joy he cried out, “control-z, come play with me!” I couldn’t help but tear up as I melted. He was doing various activities while trying to hold a juice box and I offered to hold it for him. Instead of no response, he looked at me, smiled, and said, “I’m okay, I got it!”

Just hearing him address me by my name and smile at me made my heart soar. To top it all off, he said my hair was beautiful haha. My friend said he’s been in ABA therapy and other programs; the last time he was assessed she said he was only in the third percentile of children his age on the spectrum. But to me, this progress is monumental. I just had to tell someone because I’m so happy. :)

Obligatory edit: Thanks for all the kind comments and thanks for the gold! :) It’s a beautiful world out there.
.
I just caught my SO walking in a slow and elegant manner, putting each foot exactly in front of the other --all while moving his hands over his head, as if drawing a perfect semi circle behind him.
When confronted, he looked me dead in the eye and softly said "I'm a peacock now." Then resumed the walking to the kitchen.

That's a way to begin the year.

What is the oddest thing you've caught someone doing?

&#x200B;

Pd.: I really love him.
.
I've been clean for 20 years as of this week.
It seems crazy, but sensical at the same time. 

The weirdest thing is seeing all these new guys trying to get clean, trying to get off drugs I've never even heard of and can barely pronounce.

Edit: thanks everyone for the well wishes. I will do my best reply to people, and I will actually keep this undeleted, but **this thread will eventually close and lock on its own. However feel free to PM me any time about addiction or recovery and I will respond.**

Thank you all again.

2nd edit: in a shitty twist, a guy who used to come around trying to get clean for a while disappeared a few weeks ago, they just found his body. Died alone in the woods. RIP buddy. 
.
3 months!!!
3 months sober so I posted 1 and 2 months sober and my first post has the story you guys showed so much support I had to keep going thank you all for your help

Edit: thanks for all your support but there is to many comments to respond to them all but my first award. I really don't deserve that
.
Life is really great when you don't have high expectations.
Like. I'm 20. I just started working at taco bell  and like. I'm about to get my first paycheck and I just feel really....okay about my future. Happy. Like, my current state of living is really nice and I just feel good. Idk. I dont plan on doing anything big or crazy ever. I wanna move within the next 5 years. That's it, really. I want to get an apartment. I want to make enough to live in that apartment. Maybe I just haven't been crushed by reality yet.

Edit: thank you all for the advice! I love the good vibes you guys are sending me! 

I plan on going back to college when I decide what I wanna do. I'm not just settling for taco  bell, haha. I'm just happy I can make some of my own money! Every day I think about career choices and what I'm good at. I was in college for a bit but I was really unmotivated and depressed, so I didn't do well at all.

I have an SO I plan on living with. I dont want kids. I just wanna be a happy fool in love. He's what drives me, haha. Hes my motivation....er, a good portion of it anyway.

If anyone wants some ameture advice, a buddy to talk to, or anything, feel free to hit me up. I love talking to you guys!

Also, I apologize for saying "like" a lot. This post was made at 5am and I was VERY tired. I had no idea this would get so much attention and honestly, I'm floored by it.

I'm rambling, but I hope you all have a nice day :) thank you for reading my silly life post.
.
What are some “Dad” things your dad does?
It’s Father’s Day, and I’ll be celebrating soon. My dad is 91 and has been a father for 67 years. 

Here are some dad things he does:

- Brags about waking up early but instantly falls asleep when sitting anywhere for more than five minutes 

- will instantly wake up somehow if you attempt to change the channel and will say “hey I was watching that”

- will bombard complete strangers with stories and pictures of his great-grand children 

- will ignore said grandchildren if the soccer game is on 

- will forever refer to his three daughters as “my lovely girls” or “my headaches” 

- will scold my sisters for bad language even though they’re both in their 60s 

- will go on for hours about “back in my day-“ until somebody stops him

- will insist on playing nothing but mariachi music 


So that’s my dad, tell me about yours
.
I(18f) started crying when my dad called me pretty today
Conversation went:

Me: “I’m getting off work at 11pm-12am tomorrow”

Dad: “Don’t walk, I’ll come by to drive you home”

Me while laughing: “Why?”

Dad: “You’re pretty so it’s dangerous”

I’m honestly shocked about how fast it was for tears to start falling. He, also surprised, asked why I’m being ridiculous lol.

This is honestly the first time he’s called me pretty without someone else prompting him to that I can remember. I’ve been struggling with my body image for a long time and lost a drastic amount of weight in a couple of years. The only time my dad has complimented me during that time was about how much better I look without the weight. I know the validation isn’t necessary but I guess it’s what I wanted to hear at the moment

edit: I did not expect this many people to interact with my post, at all... I really thought it was a one off that I would delete in the morning! Thanks to the stranger for my first silver as well 😊

edit: what! Platinum? Thank you stranger, I’m currently walking to work rn and won’t be able to reply much, hope everyone has a great day!!!

final edit: just got off work and took a pic of my dad and I : https://imgur.com/a/XSxVJBW
I may have took a bathroom break just to read everyone’s comments :) I love how kind and understanding this sub is
.
I'm changing my life
I used to go to bed with anxiety and dreading tomorrow. I'm in my late twenties, was working as a teacher and had been in the same relationship for eight years. I felt like "this is it? Really?". So I decided it was time for a change!
In two weeks I will be moving to Switzerland to start a pastry program. Lost the boyfriend and selling the condo. I took a leave of absence from work and started to go running every morning.
I have never, ever felt so sane in my life, despite all these dramatic changes. I know my program will work out, and of it doesn't? Well, I know I can deal with it, because I have already taken the scary step. The world ain't got nothing on me anymore!
I'm feeling so good, so I thought I'd share :).

(One regret tho... Didn't ask out my crush...)

Edit: woah, this really blew up! Thank you so much for all your kind words! Thank you for the silver and gold and thank you for encouraging me! Really didn't expect all this love!
.
I think hugs are necessary....they are magic.
It's nice to just hold the people you love and squeeze them. I get to feel like, "I'm holding my person". 

It's also nice to get hugs, it feels good to be held.
.
I'm a shy introvert but today I managed to overcome my anxiety somewhat by helping a girl with her bicycle chains.
I was walking to the bus station, listening to Four Horsemen by Metallica from my headphones at full volume. I saw a girl who was struggling with her bicycle, I saw that the chains had fallen off. Without removing my headphones or even pausing the music, I kneeled down by the bicycle and without skipping a beat, put the chains back on and continued walking to my bus stop. In that short moment I felt really awesome, it was cool! Or at least it felt pretty cool.
Just wanted to share :)

Edit:
Holy cheeseballs!! Almost 5000 upvotes and more comments than I could possibly reply to! I'll try to reply to most of them thou! Thank you kind folk for your wholesomeness!! 

Edit 2:
Gold and Silver?! Both are my first!! Thank you kind folks!! I'll be sure to put them to good use and pass them forward to someone who deserves them :)
.
The longer I’m on Reddit, the more I realize how toxic most of the larger subreddits are.
You could give an opinion opposite of the thread’s echo-chamber and be downvoted to hell. You can be banned from random places for “disrespecting moderators” without proof. It’s really discouraging and I’m glad there’s still wholesome places like this.
.
I'm Iranian American and I'm having the worst day.
My family in Iran who are green card holders are on their way over and they're going to be held.

But besides that, my cat is sick and my teacher won't take my paper because I mixed up my dates and will probably fail out of college.

Time to start my circus school application...
How's your day? Better than mine I hope

Edit: I am really grateful for all the responses and support. It really means a lot. I'm going to eat dinner but will check periodically!
.
As a dude who just tried 'leggings' on for the first time, where has this been my whole life?
I can completely understand why so many ladies just wear leggings all winter now. This shit is _soooo_ comfortable. 

Technically I just got a pair of what was advertised as 'mens long thermal underwear' but I compared with my sisters pair of actual leggings and its the same material, thickness, and style. 

I've been wearing my pair under my jeans all week, and i really have no intention of taking them off till april. 

To any dudes reading this: seriously you gotta try this if you haven't already - so damn comfy. 
.
My refugee neighbours gave me some blackcurrants from their garden, so I'm making some blackcurrant ice cream for them.
They moved here a few months ago. They don't speak very much English, but they smile and wave hello and I see their kids cycling round and I think they go to a local school.

Not being able to speak the same language as your neighbours must feel very isolating, but hopefully little swaps like this help them understand that we're happy to have them here and we're happy to be part of their community.

These people have come a long way to get their children somewhere where they feel safe and live very restricted lives in many ways, but hopefully they know that we are happy to have them on our street.

I just kind of needed to tell someone, you know? I can't tell them due to the language barriers, but hopefully the language of ice-cream will help.

*Just as a final little follow up, they gave my a little dish of cooked berries in a sauce this morning, so I think they liked it. Also, you people are all really cool as I just posted it on here on a whim because I was in the house on my own. Thanks!*
.
I’m officially a train driver at 20!
I’ve been through so much shit in my life and the one thing I wanted most in this world has finally happened. I start as a second person (conductor for the USA) in three weeks. When I found out I almost cried in front of my boss, it’s so hard to get into the railways in Australia so im over the moon.
.
As a child, I often thought I fooled people with my clever bullshitting. As an adult who can easily see when a child is bullshitting, I now realize my child self likely fooled 0 people.
It's weird to think that, because of this and other similar perspective differences between then and now, one's entire childhood consisted of much different situations than one experienced as a child. Like, these events happened and I was present for them, but the things I remember and the things that happened in reality might be sooo different.
.
My boyfriend and I have started doing a “self-care day” one day a week, and it’s magical
With his school schedule and my work schedule, we both kind of hit a point where we were getting miserable and spending any bit of free time just...sitting on the couch. Which is fine in small bursts, but not all the time. Our relationship hadn’t taken a hit yet but we never wanted it to get to that point. 

So three weeks ago we decided to designate either Saturday or Sunday as stress free days where we only do things that sound fun or relaxing. We’ve been to the movies, went to a brewery and read our books on the patio, or worked on little fun projects. 

I’m currently watching him and his best friend literally just drunkenly play catch in the backyard with his friend’s dog. I’ve not felt so content and happy in so long! 

I just felt like I wanted to share. How’s your Saturday going?
.
I just had the best 2 hours of my life.
My cousin was sleeping, the window was open. A cool breeze blew in. I sat and programmed while listening to Petit Biscuit for *two hours*.

I hope to have more nights like these. Everyone was asleep, it's 2 AM right now.

Pure heaven. If I could describe pure heaven, it would be those 2 hours.

I don't know if I flaired right, but since no one in my life really cares, I thought maybe there's a chance a stranger would care. Does anyone else like moments like these?

Edit: spelling

Edit 2: Wow. I wake up, start replying to some comments, and I didn't realise how many upvotes there were (when I did I thought I was dreaming). Damn! You guys really made my day, I'm glad people have the same feeling when it's quiet and they're doing something they love.

Edit 3: I know, I know. I'm the user that uses edits. It's morning now, and I'm programming and listening to lo-fi. My brother's awake. He's loud. Aaaand a Spotify ad just came on. I'm just gonna say that try to enjoy the simple things in life. I can't wait for tonight, when I can do this again. 

Also, since I have all your guys' attention, please consider donating to [ASPCA](https://secure.aspca.org/donate/ps-gn-20190717-p2?ms=MP_PMK_Googlebrand-T4&initialms=MP_PMK_Googlebrand-T4&pcode=WPSE9XXGOGN2PK00014&lpcode=WPSE9XXGOGN1PK00014&test&ds_rl=1066461&gclid=Cj0KCQjws7TqBRDgARIsAAHLHP6JfzwrmQrM3X4gcfiVzBKt_YB1WxCiBjvjJXiV4jAcIf4VX7gM6sIaAhpZEALw_wcB&gclsrc=aw.ds) to help with animal rescue. Personally, I'm not in America so idk if this is an organisation like PETA (please let me know if it is, because there are so many good causes out there how need out help).
.
I blew my whole life up unexpectedly on Monday and it's gonna work out.
On Monday I was sitting at my desk at work, realizing that a relationship that I've been involved in off and on for 2.5 years was going to end and that, overall, I just was not a happy guy. When it became clear that it was over something in me snapped, I bought a one way ticket to Southern California for Saturday, got up, and left. I emailed my boss about an hour later to say I was done. EVERYBODY said I was crazy, impulsive, rash, etc. Since then I have gotten a job in my same industry with higher pay and 100% telecommuting and found a place 1.5 blocks from a popular beach near San Diego. I fly out in 2 days and get to be a completely new me. Anybody else ever done something like this?

Edit: OK this kinda blew up, thank you all for the encouragement, yes I'd like to meet you all if I can, but give me a couple days to get back as I am in the midst of coordinating my move. I will be in Encinitas (sorry nitpickers, I know that's not technically San Diego) and am very much looking forward to exploring and being able to be outside a much greater percentage of the time. Cheers!
.
Yesterday I found out why my grandmother abstained from chicken meat her whole life
My granny hasn’t eaten chicken since childhood and I was never really sure why. I knew they kept chickens and just assumed she was a bit sickened by seeing the plating process. Yesterday my cousin and I managed to get the full story from her though:

She must have been about eight years old and grew up in a house with an open fireplace. The chicks were being kept in a cardboard box filled with straw near the fireplace until they hatched to keep them incubated, and then for a few days longer until they were strong enough to go outside. One day one of them had hopped up onto the side of the cardboard box seemingly looking for freedom. My granny wanted to push it back into the box, but wouldn’t touch it because she was scared of feathers (and still is). Little bird looks her straight into the eyes, then *flies directly into the open fire*.

I just had to share this story with someone else because I’m still slightly horrified, slightly still laughing about it.

Edit: obligatory thank you for the silvers, kind anon Redditor! Much appreciated, can’t believe my first silver is on a post about chickens committing suicide.
.
I quit my higher paying job to go back to my old job. Happiness is more important than money.
The hourly rate is the same but it's slightly less hours, but it means I have more time for hobbies, and my wife and I will have more quality time together.

Edit: thanks for all your comments, and yes, I know how lucky I am to be in a position where I can accept less income.
.
I think I'm developing a weird but positive addiction
I live in a decent suburban town south of the city where I work. I take the train to work and to get to the train station, I can take a walking path that's a few houses down, which cuts through the woods, past a pond, leading you all of the way to the train platform--super convenient. It's usually the best part of my day. I don't turn on my music yet or listen to any podcasts, I just enjoy this 15-minute walk through nature in the morning. What kind of kills it though, for whatever reason, (mostly because humans suck) right where the path begins (and where a few vehicles can park) there is a buttload of trash. And still plenty of trash in the surrounding woods down the whole path. 

On Friday morning when I reached the platform I decided to order a $15 trash picker on amazon. Ever since that moment I was so excited to...pick up trash. I got it yesterday afternoon (damn, amazon) and immediately began the clean up. It's weird but I had SO much fun. I would've went for longer but I ran out of room in the trash bag and paper bag that I brought.

I think it's so great for me because I like to be outside and enjoy nature, but because I don't have a dog to walk, I always feel weird just being a big dude walking around with my hands in my pocket. People always get that, please don't bother/mug me vibe when I walk past a dog walker or jogger. It gives me something to do on these walks and gives me a sense of purpose and accomplishment. 

I'm annoyed because it snowed last night and now I can't continue the process. The area around the train tracks and the station is absolutely horrific. Even though there are some trash cans on this long platform, people obviously still chuck them into the weeds behind the platform. 

I'm going to need more trash bags.
.
For the first time since I can remember, this is the first time my family hasn’t been living paycheck to paycheck
Since as long as I can remember, we have been short on everything. We’ve been living in a trailer since I was in second grade and I’m currently in 10th grade. My dad got his taxes back and we’re all happy. He paid all the bills and some debt that he was in. He’s been stressing less. Our old phones were cheap androids from Walmart and both of our cars broke down. The place where he got his cars cut him a deal and bought both of them for 1000 each and used that money as a down payment for our current van.

He bought a small little car for work yesterday and we went clothes shopping. Normally we buy our clothes from Walmart but this time we set out for Burlington. We upgraded phones and we went shopping for food. Normally we buy what we can and make sure it’s on sale. When I came home today, I came home to my mom cooking on the grill outside and soda in the fridge ( our grill was broken). 

I know this might be something others might not care but it made me feel good that we weren’t behind on things for once. Me and my dad have been saving up money behind my moms back for 2 months to surprise her for her birthday in July and we have 200 dollars already. I feel like I owe my parents so much because they’ve really tried their best. I only ask for what’s necessary and I’m going on my first field trip in high school this April!

I just wanted to let someone know since I don’t have anybody else to tell this to

Edit: thank you for all your wonderful comments❤️🥰
Just for clarity I am a 15 year old girl
.
Met up with a Redditor for a beer. Didn't get raped or murdered. Win.
Posted here and other places about me before. I am a somewhat one off human being. Am a 35yo, white, male, disabled little person living in Philly, PA, USA. First year in my own apt, after having lived 34 years in near total isolation with mentally abusive parents (mainly mother) in a completely inaccessible house even for the simplest of things. Depression was and still is a big part of life, and so are other physical ailments as you can imagine. Life was never easy and was made severely worse most of the time by my own mother, throwing tantrums, stealing, demeaning, name calling, screaming, etc. Loathing.

I somehow made it out of that shithole and have my own subsidized accessible apt. Life is different but I am on my own. Obviously hard financially but I figure I am paying for my piece of mind. They don't get to ruin my life anymore. I have a very good visiting aide who I think I am lucky to have met, in a sea of terrible or mediocre aides. She has very similar tastes in most things to me, and understands my way of life on a deeper level that most humans I've met before. Only one who really got me was my dog and she died a couple months before I moved out. I am Jack's sense of nostalgia.

I made a thread on r/ama a few days ago, it got upvoted quite a bit and a couple people messaged me about just getting a beer together. This is supremely out of the ordinary for me, but I actually met up with a dude in a bar across the street and got a burger and just sat for an hr or so. Pretty happy I didn't get whacked on the head or anything, but then again I have nothing to steal. Not even gold fillings. Heh. Mummy dearest would absolutely die if she knew I met a rando offline. Hm. Maybe I should tell her about it?

Discuss.
.
To all those working over the holidays so the rest of us can have time off with our families, THANK YOU!
For many years I worked on the holidays. This year, I’m spending it with my family, and I’m eternally  grateful to those working at the hotel, rental car agency, restaurants, etc. so I can relax and enjoy the time off. Thanks so very much! 

.
My dad caught me crying
My (20f) dads not the emotional type , he doesn’t say I love you or anything like that but I just moved back in with him after ending things with my abusive ex boyfriend , it’s been about two weeks now and tonight was the first time I’ve actually felt sad and alone so I started crying , he told me “ it’s okay to cry , just remember what it is that’s making you cry , I hope your smart enough to never go back to the things that make you feel like this , after your done crying look at yourself in the mirror and tell yourself that your worth so much more then how he treated you“ and it was just the most inspirational thing he’s ever said and made me feel so much better ..
.
My chemistry professor almost made me cry this morning.
I lost my dad last fall semester over thanksgiving break completely unexpectedly. I dropped out of my classes and then failed a couple again this past spring semester. So, I am currently in summer classes to catch back up and I’m honestly excited. My professor came in at 8:30 this morning and gave us a little morale boost before the summer session starts. He said a little cheesy line; “my students will have to learn how to slay dragons.” Aka, we have to do well on his exams. However, at one point he looked me in my eyes and said “what dragons have you had to face in college?”. It was rhetorical, but it almost made me cry. It reminded me why im here and what i have to do, to make my dad proud and to keep going.
.
I have accidentally locked myself on my upstairs deck. My deck is full of WASPS. Chat with me in my final hours?
My wife is hopefully on her way home to rescue me, but she works an hour away and there’s a non-zero chance that I will be attacked and killed by angry wasps by then. I’m wearing flannel PJs though so at least I’ll be comfy (though perhaps a bit overheated). 

Anyway how’s your day going?

Edit: somehow my wife made it home in record time. I am saved!! Thanks for sharing this harrowing experience with me.
.
My dad's funeral is today.
In a few hours, I'll have to speak in front of a group of people who have loved and will miss his presence in their lives. I'm pretty nervous and of course I miss him a lot. Could use some good vibes. 💔
.
To the person I sat next to in Endgame (no spoilers)
Edit: someone posted spoilers down in the comments. Mods removed it. 

I wish I could have asked for your name at least, but if you are reading this, thanks for engaging in my talks. Both of us came alone, and when that seating disaster where a whole family came to the pm show instead of am made you sit two seats away, I asked my neighbor if I could switch seats so that I could enjoy it with you. Thanks for making Endgame so much more better. I didn’t even know you, but we talked and sat there with so much excitement for the movie. Thanks for sharing your candy with me too, that was pretty nice of you :-). And yeah I had a great night and thanks ::-)

Edit: thank you to everyone wishing me luck!
.
It's my 40th Birthday today.
Hello! I don't have many to share this with and I often get overlooked. I didn't get birthday cards in the mail so it bummed me out. The big 4-0 is pretty special, isn't it! I haven't become older though, I've leveled up!

Edit: Thank you to all of you for making me feel loved and extra special. Thanks as well for the golds and silvers, never had one before!

Edit2: Wow platinum now! You guys are so awesome. I think this has been my best birthday ever now. Thank you!
.
Psychology asserts that interacting with complete strangers can greatly boost your mood so stop scrolling and dammit interact with me :D
Hi guys, gals and non-binary pals. How was your day? Or, goodmorning and how is it so far? :)

&#x200B;

a lil source citation here: [https://www.wsj.com/articles/the-surprising-boost-you-get-from-strangers-11557567000](https://www.wsj.com/articles/the-surprising-boost-you-get-from-strangers-11557567000)
.
I ran a mile
Today I ran my first ever mile without stopping to take a break. Two days before I ran a mile, but took three breaks in between. My time the first time was 9:14 which I was super pumped about. My time today? 8:36!!!!!!!!! I couldn't believe that I ran that without stopping! I'm 6'3 250+ lbs, which if you don't know makes me prone to being slow as fuuuuuck. I never thought I could run a full mile especially in that time. I surprised myself very much today. It seemed like such an impossible goal for me, but I chose to mind over matter that shit and just run. I'm very proud of myself.
.
So, this is what it feels like to be adopted as a young adult.
Defeated in a lonely city life, I ditched the Friday duties off and took the next bus miles away to my best friend's home for the weekend.

Warm food prepared for you, clean sheets, a dog waking you up in the morning, his mother talking your ears off about the neighborhood gossips, his older brother buying you a beer or two catching up since your last visit, his older sister asking your help about her undergraduate dissertation, and my best friend continually conjuring exciting things to do over my 3-day stay.

When I was about to leave, his mother said to me "You know we aren't much of a family, but I'm letting you know you're a part of us."

As an independent guy whose upbringing hasn't been fair to him; I cried in the bus as my confused heart try to digest the warm overwhelming affection.

I have a home.

I finally have a home.

[EDIT]

I extend out an incredible amount of gratitude for the warm wishes to you people. I'm still lost for words as I surf halfway across my shift and taking my time to reflect accordingly.

This new feeling is a stranger for me; confused as I dwell in-between internal doubts and acceptance. I chose to temporarily abstain myself from eventually dumping down tons of epiphanies to my best friend whom done so much over the weekend, so all your responses are genuinely calming down the turmoil.
.
My little brother died for 15 minutes- so I’m giving my kidney away
I guess I should start with how this happened. My little brother was born three months premature and instead of doing a c section the doctors decided to vacuum the baby out. He was unresponsive for 15 minutes. The doctors told us to say our goodbyes and not hold on to hope because he probably wasn’t going to make it. Days go by Weeks go by months go by and finally my little brother is unplugged from the monitors and sent home finally to be held!! They called him miracle baby and still do. Miracle baby however is in stage four kidney failure. We just got the papers today to fill out and figure out if we can donate and all that but I really hope I can and if I somehow don’t match with him I would still like to donate because I know how hard and difficult this can be on a family. The one thing I will add is I do need to lose weight before this happens which I have been doing already for the last month. But yeah I’m just really hoping everything works out. 
.
I just finished my exit exam for my Master's with an "A" and an overall GPA of 4.0!
I finished my Bachelor's three years ago in Clinical Nutrition, and didn't do as well as I wish I had (3.0 overall GPA) due to a long list of challenges which made my time in school even more difficult. For the past two and a half years (I took half a year off before deciding to go back for my MS) I've worked really hard - doing all the readings, participating fully, and generally working hard and focusing. Today it paid off when I finished my end of program/exit exam with an A and maintained a 4.0 until the last classes. I am graduating with a 4.0 and whatever the honors are. I feel so relieved and happy!

Edit: I forgot to say, my MS is also Clinical Nutrition
Edit 2: thank you for the gold Kind Stranger!
.
Today I became a man
On my way to work this morning my piece of junk motor started spluttering and the warning engine light came on and a week before payday I’ve got to admit my heart sank. 
I recognised the spluttering though from previous car troubles and decided to try and fix it myself. I risked buying a new coil pack and with a bit of help from YouTube I managed to change it myself. It worked and is as good as new, I feel really proud of myself and just thought I would come here and blow my own trumpet. 
.
Does anyone else order food to-go then immediately eat it in the parking lot in your car?
I started doing this a lot the last 2-3 years and it’s so peaceful. My car is warmer than the restaurant, I’m comfy in my car with my food and playing YouTube on my phone (while charging it, too). It’s just an overall more peaceful experience, kind of like Sonic Drive-In but I don’t like Sonic
.
I often upvote comments, just because they are downvoted and I feel they shouldn't be.
So I do this mostly on/in my own posts but also just in general.  


When someone writes a comment that I have neutral feelings about and it has 0 points, I almost always upvote it.

I feel bad that someone who is just expressing an opinion that hurts no-one gets downvoted.

  
Anyone else do this?   


What makes you upvote or downvote comments or posts?  

.
I was just at Costco and I heard a kid say the sweetest thing.
I was at Costco doing some grocery shopping, I was walking by this family and I hear a kid say the sweetest thing. 

The kid was probably 8 or so and we were by the flowers/bouquets. He told his mom that when he gets older he needs a Costco membership so he can buy his future wife some nice flowers. 

I hope nothing ruins this kids outlook on love and he stays sweet.
.
Started a new account because my old username was kind of cringey, but I forgot that a lot of subs have age and/or karma limits...
So I’m just creepin around, feeling like a weirdo because I can’t interact with a lot of subs yet! 

How’s your Wednesday going? 
.
Today is my one year anniversary of quitting smoking.
Not too many people in my life seem to care that much, but I’m really excited and proud of myself. It’s one of the most challenging things I’ve accomplished, and I just wanted to put it out there somewhere. 

It’s crazy, I never realized how bad I smelled, how much people would wait for me to smoke before we did anything, or how often I was sick or moody until I gave it up and saw life through the lens of a non smoker again. 

EDIT: WOW! Gold! Thank you so much kind stranger, and to everyone for the overwhelming support. I honestly thought I might get one person reply with something like “cool go u” I had no idea I would get so many inspiring stories and such incredible support for not just me but everyone in here. Y’all just gave me so much faith in humanity today. You rock. 
.
NSFW I accidentally named my coffee maker after a pornstar
I make coffee every morning with a stovetop percolator, it's one of those items that you use so much that you never really pay attention to, it's just there in the kitchen. At some point in the last two years I started referring to it as a 'Bella Moretti' coffee maker.

So this morning I was cleaning it and read the word Bialetti on the side, I couldn't figure out where my name for it came from. After a quick Google apparently Bella Moretti is a reasonably successful pornstar who has now helped make coffee for all my family and friends. 

Has anyone else innocently given an inappropriate name to a household object? 
.
Today I am having my first date night with my wife after getting married, I'm very excited!
Today is a good day friends.

My wife and I have been super busy and stressed since our honeymoon ended, so we haven't really had a lot of time to spend together. Though, we have now decided to make Wednesday our "date night". It's important for the both of us for a couple of reasons though. First one is I have been working for a solid 12 day's straight and I have the next two days off. I can't think of a better way to start off my short little break from work. Second one is my wife is currently working on becoming a teacher and is student teaching for the first time today! She has to lead a review for a class that has a test tomorrow, and teach some new content to another class. She said she is pretty nervous but she's going to do great I already know it.

As for what we are doing. We do have one obligation that we have to take care of, one of which is walking our neighbor's dog which is something we both enjoy so that'll be nice. After that we are probably going to go to our local hipster coffee shop for some drinks. Haven't been there in a long time so I am pretty excited, they have great hot chocolate (I don't like coffee myself so hot chocolate is my go to). Then we are probably going to get some dinner and come home to play some Mario Party, Call of Duty Zombies, Stardew Valley, or maybe watch one of our lazy shows. Who knows! But I am very much looking forward to my afternoon because of this. 

TL;DR: Starting date nights with my wife, it's been really stressful lately so it's going to be amazing to get some quality time together.
.
I compliment strangers as often as I can and I love the effect it has on them.
Every time I see a stranger who has obviously put effort into their outfit, especially if it's really unique, I'll always stop them and compliment. Nothing creepy, just a super quick "your dress is amazing!" "you look beautiful!" and it really perks them up.

You should try it, it makes your day and someone's else's day a bit brighter and encourages them to keep being a little bit unique! :D
.
Just had my last cigarette.. wish me luck y’all!
I’ve smoked for five years now. Quit twice before once for a year, once for 45 days. Really really hoping this is my last time ever quitting cigarettes! So so tired of my never ending cough, and having to schedule my life around cigarettes so calling it a day! So.. wish me luck! 

Edit:Forgot to mention, my mother and I made an agreement that when I stopped smoking she’d start wearing her seatbelt so that’s an extra bit of motivation for me! 

Edit2: doing my best to reply and upvote everyone! Thank you truly everyone for your support and kind words. I’m going to be coming back to this thread when times are rough. For everyone who has quit smoking/is quitting I am SO damn proud of you! You can and will do this babes!! 

Edit3:Made it to 24 hours!!! Yay! I thought the first morning cigarette was gonna be a bit more of a bitch, but I did alright actually! 
.
Man, I felt so cool yesterday.
Alright, so I recently started working my first job, and it’s at undisclosed pizza place. 

So, basically, this pizza place is kinda like subway, where you tell us what you want, and we make the pizza in front of you. 

So, I was the only one working the front, and I have this kinda sunny disposition when dealing with customers, kinda goofy, and just trying to make them enjoy their experience more. 

There was this one old couple who came in, I took their orders, put their pizzas in the oven, and rang them up. They were real happy, so I was proud of myself. The man reached to shake my hand, and I took it, and after we finished shaking, he gave me two dollars in tips. 

Man, I felt so cool then. My first tip, and I did that cool handshake pass thing? Hell yeah. 
.
I'm 37 and I'm about to have my second daughter. In 37 years, I've witnessed the rise of videogames from Atari on forward. I saw the rise of phones from wireless to modern smart phones. I've seen so many things in 37 years. It baffles me to think that my daughters will see so much.
I can't even begin to fathom what my daughters will see. My first television was a 13" Panasonic, while my parents had a 27" RCA. My daughter's first television is a 65" flat screen. What will 35+ more years bring? I grew up in a computer-less household, but my daughter watches Mickey on a high-end gaming setup with 6TB of harddisk space. I grew up on Blockbuster and local rental shops, with many popular supermarkets having a small section for rentals. My daughters will grow up with streaming services and Netflix.

I'm not sure where I was going with this, but this is something I'm constantly in awe and wondering about...
.
First cigarette in years went not as expected
So, I quit smoking about 4 years ago. I had a couple cigarettes in that first year, but haven't had one at all in like three years. After mulling it over a good bit recently, I picked up a pack of what I used to love smoking, Lucky Strikes, to allow myself the luxury of a smoke on a cool spring day. I figured it would be enjoyable, and this one pack would last me ages if ever finished. I have no interest in being a smoker again, and I have a lifestyle that would help keep me from it again. 

Anyway, lit one up today at lunch and couldn't even smoke half of it. Got a wicked head rush, but damn, smoking is NOT enjoyable anymore. What the hell? Luckies are 10 bucks a pack. I doubt I'll even smoke 2 of them. Haha.

Clearly my memories of enjoyable smokes in cool, sunny weather are from a time gone by for me. What a weird experience that was today. 
.
I discovered my supervisors fart room
You read correct.  A room a person goes to fart in.  Its a closet where we store our cleaners and mop in our stockroom.  

Disclaimer: everyone poops.  Everyone farts.  And i would never tell anyone in person of what I witnessed, let alone coworkers.  So I just want to share anonymously.  if this thread blows up I will delete it..

I was taking my break in the stockroom. Typically you just go to the breakroom for breaks, but it was so hot in there. So i just found a chair and browsed my phone. Very much hidden from view. 

My boss came in oblivious to me being in there.  She Walked into a small closet, closed the door, and alleviated the pain we all suffer.  Instinctively I sped walked away before she could discover me sitting.

I witnessed that not only is there a fart room.  I am witness that women do indeed pass gas.  With that being said, I'm more of a "crop duster" myself

Edit: oh my goodness.  Silver and platinum.  Thank you!  Unfortunately I won't be able to brag about it at work but it's still amazing.  If I had a bucket list, winning that would be on it.

Edit 2: now gold too!  The trifecta
.
At 29 I've finally understood why old people get up early
Not going to go into too much detail about my personal life, but for the longest time I was one of those people who would stay up until 1-2am then head to uni at 9:30-10. Now that I'm a bit older and have a career of sorts, the 6-4:30 work hours have made it so that I can't really afford the luxury of doing that. On a whim one day a few months back, I decided to get up at 5 on my off-day and do what I'd typically do only earlier (grocs, jog, yardwork) and haven't regretted it since.

For starters, the early time means that the city area is mostly 'dead' making tasks way easier, with the time it's taken me to do groceries being reduced by about 10mins or so and my jogging route rarely being hindered by traffic now. The older people I've run into doing both have also been incredibly friendly with most of them saying hello as I've passed by them. There's also the relaxing feeling of it being midday and already having all of the annoying daily stuff being done.

So yeah, that's all I really wanted to say. If anyone has any other questions, feel free to toss'm out there. 
.
I went to the store with $5,32 I had in leftover change.
I decided to buy apples and bananas, I don't remember the exact price per pound. But even though it was risky I decided not to weigh the fruit first. The total price ended at exactly $5,32. When I noticed I became very proud of myself, and pleased I didn't have to  remove a single banana from my items. This totally made my day!

Edit: I've been informed by many I was supposed to have used a period, not a comma. Noted for next time
.
I’ve created a list of more than 200 interesting questions. Comment a number and I’ll ask you one!
Hi CC! I love having conversations with people and asking questions that can reveal a lot about them. I have 225 questions and the list is growing all the time. I’d love to ask you all some!

Edit: Alright guys, it’s been a blast but I have to go to bed. But I’ll still reply to every single number comment with the corresponding question, so if you still want a question and don’t mind the fact that I’ll be replying tomorrow, feel free to keep leaving comments. Similarly, I’ve prioritised the number comments and haven’t had time to read many of the answers to the questions I’ve asked, but I definitely will tomorrow. I’m so surprised and delighted by the reception this has gotten, and I’ll be posting a Google doc or PDF of the full list of questions at some point in the next few days as an addendum to this post. Good night, everyone!

Edit 2: I'm back! Let's get going.

Edit 3: Alright, here’s the full list of questions. It’s been so cool getting to know you all, thanks for taking part :)

Edit 4: [Here’s](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1K_iFxFt9lh1i0mxKRIhOSd2e8X1LNvxnihbChKXhyOc) the updated version of the questions list with almost 100 additional questions :)
.
Today I learned that you eat popcorn microwaved....
I know this is going to sound stupid, but I am actually shook right now. I am not an idiot, I've always gotten A's and B's in school, I have a job, and I generally understand how the world works and can pick up on new things quickly. 

I played a lot of baseball when I was younger and one thing baseball players like to eat a lot of is sunflower seeds. Sunflower seeds are just seeds you toss into your mouth and eat. Typically, you wouldn't think to eat a seed, but with Sunflower seeds it was totally regular and that's just the way you'd do it.

I always thought popcorn was the same way. You want something to chew on? You rip open a bag of popcorn and either chew them, swallow them whole, or spit them out after chewing them for a bit. That is how I had eaten popcorn the most of my lift, and nobody has corrected me.

I know what you are thinking. How did you not realise earlier? Did you never go to the movies? I always knew popcorn was associated with the movies, but I thought it was just something you chewed on during the film, after all, who wants to be looking down during a film. It also didn't help that the box we purchased popcorn from didn't show the popped product on it, so I never knew what it was supposed to be like.

I always hated popcorn growing up. My parents asked me if I wanted popcorn when we went to movies, and I would always say no, because who wants to chew on that shit during a movie? I would chew a bag maybe once a month, but never any more than that, as I wasn't a big fan.

So how did I find out? Well recently, I had purchased a different brand of popcorn. This brand actually had the popped corn on the side of the box, which confused me. I got home, ripped open a bag, and started chewing. But then, as I was chewing, I started reading the bag, more specifically, the instructions. As I read the instructions, I immediately spit out my kernals and tried making another bag, popped, in the microwave oven. I didn't think it was going to work. I heard a pop, and immediately opened the microwave, as I didn't think that was good. (I know it sounds stupid, but bear with me). I then put it back and let the kernels all pop. The total microwave time was 2:15. Then, I opened the bag to some yellowish popped kernels. They tasted soft and hard but melted in your mouth all chewy and buttery. It was so good, I finished the bag and immediately microwaved another. I can say without a doubt that this is now my favorite food, and I love it. I always thought you chewed the hard kernels, but now I know you eat it microwaved. I know this story sounds made up, but it is 100% real. If you want to ask questions or recommend other types of popcorn, please comment!

**Edit:** I live in the United States in case you were wondering. I had tasted and loved Pirate's Booty and Cracker Jacks before but I thought that was a different food entirely and never associated it with popcorn. Holy shit though, this might be the best day of my life. For reference I am a 15 yo male.

Thanks for gold. Glad y'all enjoy my story. A learning experience for me, and will be a great story to tell my future children. 

I will also compile all reasonable suggestions into a list and will try them all and make a followup post if y'all would like that. 


.
My brother is officially cured of Cancer :)
I posted [this] (https://www.reddit.com/r/CasualConversation/comments/4p7gn1/my_little_brother_just_finished_his_last_round_of/) right around two years ago when my brother finished his last round of chemo. A few days ago he had his last "regular" meeting with his specialist, saying that he was cured and wouldn't have to see them for another 3 years instead of every other month. Just figured I would give all of you lovely people an update, if any of you still remember :) To any one who is fighting cancer, has a loved one fighting cancer,  keep up the good fight. If you need some encouragement, or have any questions about going through it all, I am happy to share. Have a great evening everyone :)

Edit: Holy crap, I woke up to one hell of a celebration! I'll read through this all soon! Thank you all!!!
.
Reddit has educated me much more than any other social media has come close to.
For example; I love seeing research posts on the front page, or ELI5 posts. I read the comments and see experts explain in simple terms how pretty complex ideas work. 

My most prominent example though is when I was talking to my GF and her sister about contraceptives when we wandering down the ‘personal care’ isle at CVS. They were pretty much only taught about abstinence, birth control, and condoms. They had no clue IUD’s exist and asked me what the ‘plan B’ was that they saw. I thought it was quite bizarre how two women had no clue about a $50 pill that’ll save you $300,000+ of a child. Just thought it was crazy. Couldn’t have known it thanks to Reddit though :)

EDIT; I know it may sound like I may have been ‘mansplaining’ but I was just informing, wasn’t trying to be condescending.

2ND EDIT: I understand I wasn’t mansplaining, thanks everyone for informing me :) 
.
The little messages that pop up when you upvote things here are awesome.
I come here to upvote and chew bubblegum. I don't have any bubblegum, though.
.
I was at Chipotle last night with a friend and he said something that made me smile
We were eating burritos, and mine was packed to brim and ready to explode into an uncontained mess. As I got to the last few bites and it became less and less stable, this conversation happened:

"This is the beginning of the end for my burrito."

"Yeah, that thing is totally gonna fall apart."

"Just like my life."

"... That's just because there's too many good things in it."

I just thought it was a cool analogy and a clever way to give a positive twist to my pessimism. And I've been kinda bummed about a lot of things going on in my life lately but him saying that made me realize that recently, things have really been picking up. I *do* have a lot of good things in my life.
.
I saw a picture of my wife in an ad on the bus and I'm so proud of her!
She works for a local food company that caters to students  in the local area. She's middle management, but she's important enough to be part of their marketing material. She's also on the website for her company. I didn't expect to see her picture today and it just make me so excited and proud!
.
My wife just asked if the strong winds we currently experience stem from the Hurricane... we live in southern germany.
I told her "no its too far away, the atlantic is pretty big you know" She then said "but they just passed the carribean", to which i replied "But thats also very close to the USA". She: "Oh, i thought they where near Australia" ITS EVEN FURTHER AWAY!!!. I love her.
.
Today my classmate said I was cute
We were doing a photography lesson and had to use our cameras to adjust to certain settings and then take a picture of our partners as practice, so my partner took a picture of me and then looked at the picture and was like "so cute!!" when I didn't really pose or anything, I only smiled. It made me really happy because I don't really think about my looks often, and when I do, it's always negative, self-conscious thoughts. Especially when it comes to cameras. 

Anyway this just made me think, if you're worrying over the state of your hair, or that pimple on the top of your nose, most likely people won't even notice or care that much. You're cute (: 

Edit: wow reddit silver! I did not expect that. Also rip inbox :")
.
I took a bath with a snorkel.
Was taking a bath and wanted to be more underwater so I got my scuba mask and snorkel, turned so I was laying on my stomach and played out the rest of my bath breathing through a snorkel. I’m 36. I’m not embarrassed at all but I thought I’d share. :)
.
Does anyone else feel like they’re just very mediocre at everything?
I think about some of the stuff that I do in life and whenever I think about the skills involve I realize I’m incredibly mediocre at most things. I don’t have a single thing in my life that I can look at and say “I’m super good at this”. Does anyone else feel the same way?
.
Today I realized I can actually choose whatever I want to do in life
I just got back from an appointment with my therapist and I was hit with the realization that I can do whatever I want to do in life. I'm in uni right now, but if I wanted to quit my studies and become a bus driver, I could! If I wanted to open up a flower shop, I could! If I wanted to travel the world for a year (and I had the money), I could pack my bags right this second! If I wanted to be in a shitty band and play shitty gigs and have tons of fun doing it, I could! I've always lived with the assumption that I'd do smart stuff at school, do something smart at uni and then do a smart job til I die. It's not true folks! Don't believe it! You can literally do *whatever* you want. Anything! Really!

Just wanted to share this little piece of wisdom with this lovely community. Hope you're all having an amazing Tuesday! :)

&#x200B;

Edit: This got more attention than I thought it would! I just wanted to clarify that I don't necessarily mean that anything is possible, because there are certain limitations in life such as money, time, etc. What I do mean is that you should not let anyone's expectations or opinions of what you should do *add* to those limitations! 

Edit 2: wow!! Thank you so much for the gold!!! 
.
I found my old iPhone 4 from 2011 today and discovered why I was bullied.
A lot has happened since I was a young teenager. I’m 23 now and I really remember very little of my interactions before 2011. I was bullied since kindergarten, changed schools, was bullied again and then decided I was “emo,” which didn’t really do me any favors.

My dad told me once that I was bullied because I gave them a reason to bully me. That used to piss me off big time.

Reading my old messages and looking through my old pictures, it’s become apparent to me that I was a hypocritical,  annoying, over-dramatic, insensitive and arrogant weirdo with absolutely no clue what was going on around me. 

It’s only been ~8 years, but so much has happened since then.

No one deserves to be bullied, but I understand now why I had such a hard time making friends.

I don’t recognize the girl from the messages, and thank god for that. I think I might’ve succeeded in becoming a better person.

Edit v2: So I just woke up and finished reading my entire inbox. Thanks for the nice comments, they were really encouraging. :) Also, obligatory first silver AND gold comment. Good morning!
.
Had a big mom victory this week!
My only daughter started her period this past week. My upbringing was very lonely and there were not any grownups around to help and guide me when I was little so I am DETERMINED to do better for my kids. We had talked about the possibility (eventuality) of this occurring and I put a lot of effort into stressing this was normal, and healthy and just one of those things you deal with. 

So the big day came and she very calmly told me that she thought it had started and I helped get her situated and dropped her off for a lesson. Then I went to the drug store and got a fancy gift bag and filled it with tea, and pads, and a few sweet and salty snacks, and a funny card about cats because she loves her cats to pieces. I also got a beautiful bunch of flowers. When I picked her up a half hour later I had everything sitting on her seat in the car and she was floored! She said she was going to open the bag in front of her brothers and if they were jealous she was going to tell them it is ONLY for girls and if they want one then they have to have a period first! HA! 

We have a pretty relaxed and supportive family so the rest of the fam was more than happy to play along and be supportive. Then the hubs came up with the nick name "Cramp Champ" and we all were cracking up. We are now a few days in and she THANKED me for doing that and helping her. I cannot even begin to imagine how she must feel but I do know I would have very much wanted someone in my life to do that for me at that age. I just kind of feel like I nailed this one. I didn't have a good mom model so I wing a lot of this.  I wanted to do better and I did. And it made my daughters life better. It is a great feeling. 

If you have a kiddo in your life don't underestimate a "big" gesture for a milestone. It was inexpensive, practical and I think it just helped send a message that it was gonna be okay. 

What are some things you would have wanted an adult to do for you when you were young that would have made a difference?
.
So apparently I can’t just do laundry anymore, very vaguely nsfw
So I was going to post this on r/TIFU but I didn’t end badly so I couldn’t post it there, but I still want to talk to people about it. This was also written on mobile so I apologize if it looks weird on desktop.

So last night went to go do laundry at my local laundromat, as my apartment is without a washer and dryer. Everything went fine up until I started to fold my clothes. I’m standing there minding my own business, listening to [jet set run](https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=3SDBTVcBUVs) with one earbud when out of the corner of my eye I see some people, that’s when I here a woman say “this is him, you need to call the cops right now.”

Now of course having done nothing wrong I didn’t bother looking at the people, ya know cause why would I. All of a sudden I hear the woman say “ you’re disgusting and shouldn’t be allowed children”. I finally look up and there’s this older woman and Scott, the gentleman who runs the laundromat. Please note that I’ve been using this laundromat for about 4 years. The conversation that followed that statement went as follows;

Me - (calm and slightly confused) I’m sorry, is  there something? Hey Scott.

Woman - yes there is you’re a disgusting human being and should be arrested and banned from here.

Me - I really have no clue what you’re talking about.

Scott - well she is lodging a complain against you for stealing clothes.

Me - well.... that’s absurd, I’m 6’2 and weigh like 350 pounds, who’s clothes am I stealing?

Woman - your stealing little girls panties! They are right there!



Now you should be aware, my fiancée is a tiny thing. She’s like 5’1 and 120 pounds soaking wet, so her underwear is equally as tiny. She’s also a massive nerd and a large chunk of her underwear are comic and rapunzel themed(she loves pascal). 


Me - (picking up a pair of Harley Quinn underwear from a large pile of similar underwear) you mean these, these belong to my fiancée.

Woman - they do not! I saw you turn and look at the dryer behind you, you stole those from the dryer behind you! (The dryer in question actually had small children’s clothing)

Scott - (turning slightly red) actually ma’am he’s telling the truth, those are his fiancées.

Woman - so you’re not going to call the cops on this degenerate!?

Scott - ma’am he hasn’t done anything wrong.

Woman - you’re both in on it then, I be you steal them and sell them to you lowlife friends.

Me - nope, just a guy doing his fiancée laundry because she’s a bit of a germaphobe.

Woman - (looking at me then to Scott) well then. If you’re not going to call the police, then I will, and I’m never returning here.


She proceeds to walk outside and sit in her car and get on the phone. I look at Scott and tell him I’ll stay a bit in case the cops actually show up. About 15 minutes later a cruiser pulls up, the woman proceeds to get out of her car and start telling the officer whatever. He then proceeds to come in and the whole conversation happens again. After about 20 minutes I look at the officer and tell him I can prove my innocence. The woman looks at me and loudly says “and “how are you going to do that!?” 

I reach into my laundry bag, pull out a few pairs of her underwear, and then proceed to pull out my phone. Because my fiancée and I have a fairly decent sex life, I have plenty of pictures of her in said pairs of underwear. The officer just starts laughing and says I’m okay to leave. The woman just about loses her mind at this and stormed out yelling “this is bs, I can’t believe he’s just going to get away with this!”

But yeah, because if my fiancées taste in underwear, I apparently can’t just do laundry anymore lol


Edit - if I don’t respond, it’s because I’ve gone to bed lol

Edit 2 - to be clear, this conversation is not word for word, this a shortened version of the events that played out. From start to finish this is maybe like an hour and half.

Edit 3 - to those curious how Scott knew they were my fiancées, I/we see Scott a couple times a week, our schedules happen to line up with when here’s there to clean and what not. Over the past 4ish years we’ve gotten to know each other pretty well, as such Scott is acutely aware of the fact that we don’t have kids, but has obviously seen all the “child like” underwear that we wash and dry, the math is pretty simple after that lol.
.
During a very scary and nightmare of a bad bad domestic situation/divorce/emotional devastation....my kids and I came home to an envelope. Inside were gift cards for dinner, an arcade, ice cream and the movies. I didn’t know anyone in that town really.
I found out the woman who did it was an elderly lady who was the grandma of my daughter’s classmate. Putting a smile on my kids’ faces during such a dark time while being in a financial mess was the most unbelievable act of kindness. From a stranger. Good people exist. We documented the date with pictures and colorings for her, little prizes from the arcade, and I will forever be grateful. I never ask for help or share my woes, and it was hard to accept...but I did. Like a blubbering idiot. We took that experience to pay it forward during our hard time because no matter what, there are always people dealing with a situation worse than your own. We were poor but there were people who had less than us. Kindness is truly contagious. Kindness doesn’t need to cost anything. Thoughtfulness is free. ❤️
.
I Whistle-blew on my manager, who then proceeded to e-term me. Millions of mismanaged funds will finally be going back to the hospital patients
Can't go into detail because of doxxing, but I whistle blew on my manager who had "mismanaged" a few million dollars. Money that would have gone towards medical equipment and hiring more nurses/doctors. They will never know what I did and I will never be able to be thanked, but that bitch is going the fuck down. Multiple team members are now threatening resignation since I was the highest performing employee in our shift. I'm so proud of what I did and it makes my anxiety attacks from unemployment worth it. I planned for months and collected evidence, and had an emergency minimum wage job ready in case I did get fired. I knew whistleblowers got shit-canned. I'll probably lose my apartment and had to cancel all of my subscriptions and donations, making 1/3rd of what I did will be hard but I'm confident I'll have a good job again in a few months.

I'm happy about my choices, and I'll tell my grandkids if I have them about the time I stood up for those who couldn't stand up for themselves. What pissed me off the most is real people in power could have stopped it, but no, a level 1 grunt had to put their first good job on the line. Fuck em all :).

EDIT: Holy shit

EDIT 2: I am talking to a lawyer soon thank you.
.
When I started using reddit 5+ years ago, I would randomly friend people on reddit just to see if I would ever see them around the website. Every time I see the orange highlighted user name it gives me a little smile.
Basically, what it says above. I’d randomly pick redditors and friend them on their profiles, which in turn highlighted their name orange. I see a lot of them around to this day and it’s been 5+ years since I’ve done it. I wonder if they recognize my username as well.

Edit - Classic I am surprised this post is doing so well! Lets keep friending y'all
.
I ran 3 miles straight for the first time ever!
Hi Reddit! I just got back from a run and my face is hot and sweaty and red but I’m probably the happiest I’ve been!

For some context, I am NOT a runner. Nor athlete. In general I’m pretty close to a coach potato. But I randomly decided today “Hey! Why don’t I go for a run.”

So I did. And I ran. And ran. And ran. And decided to keep going because I’ve always wanted to be able to run 5 miles without stopping. (I think the furthest I’ve run without stopping was around a mile for school in 8th grade)

But gee! My perspective has changed in the short while I’ve been out. The run definitely DOES get easier. After the first mile or so I thought I’d wimp out and stop, but I pushed through the heavy, hard breathing, the stitch in my side, and my sore legs! 
After that hard push everything just got easier. Breathing and soreness really didn’t matter anymore. I could feel the wind, the clear evening sky, and the rhythm of my breathing was the center of my thoughts. It was so great!
All I could think about was the power I had left in my legs and body, as strange as that sounds. I kept thinking “why am I not tired.” So I kept going!

Except, one unfortunate thing: it was evening. So, in the middle of these thoughts it started to get dark. And I also started to get scared because of dangerous people. (Even though my neighborhood is mainly full of retired old people) But alas, I had to get home. 

And so here I am. Breathless, tired, but so excited. I think I’m going to go for another run tomorrow! 

If you got to the bottom of this long post I commend you stranger! Have you ever had any unexpected consequences to an impulse decision? I’d love to hear any interesting stories!

Edit: Jeez I woke up this morning with an insane amount of notifications. But thank you for all of your advice I’ll take any I can get! I love reading your guys’ stories—they’re so heartwarming. 
The weather is beautiful this morning, so I think I’m going off for a run!
.
Proud of myself for asking the barista to correct my order
It’s as sad as the title sounds! I’m a generally reserved person who gets uncomfortable asking for too much. But i have a long night of studying ahead and really wanted a coffee. Order a plain coffee with some soy milk and sweetener. I get handed a basically black coffee. I tasted it and internally screamed because i knew i had two options...drink it and suffer or ask for them to fix it! And i did! After awkwardly waiting to get their attention I asked him if he could add more milk since it was basically black and it was a pretty painless experience. For all my shy people...don’t be afraid to ask for a new coffee lol. 
.
Interviewed someone that claimed to have done my job, at my former employer, when I worked there nine years ago
A cautionary tale for people looking for a job:

I work for an IT consulting firm. A minor part of my job is to perform "phone screens" on perspective hires. I have a long background in IT, so I am used to "resume padding." I try to judge a persons actual technical ability, their ability to fit into our company, how they would do as a consultant, and try and get a gauge of their character. We have a wide spread of technical prowess on staff, so I focus on on the person. After years in IT, I think can do this pretty well.

Last week the owner sent a resume and called me to do a phone screen of a prospective employee. I happily agreed, not having read the resume. I finished my evening and went to bed.

The next day I read the resume.

This guy claimed to have worked at my former employer (a university). Nine years ago when I worked there. Doing my job. As a student worker working to gain two masters degrees in two years.

Before you start laughing, keep in mind this will mess with you. You don't expect this level of dishonesty on a resume. I started asking myself when I actually worked at the former employer, what I may have missed, what could have happened. I actually reached out to former co-workers about this person. I managed a lot of the student workers, but not all of them, so I thought maybe I was forgetting someone.

Nobody knew him. It was suggested that perhaps the resume had formatting errors or he was talking about the wrong university.

I decided to give the candidate the benefit of the doubt, but I wanted to be sure about my former workplace. I called the registrar's office to verify the degrees. After much checking, we could find no record that he even attended the school.

I should have called off the interview, but at this point, I was still trying to give the benefit of the doubt.

I called him on time, and started the interview as normal. I explained the position, told him this would be a technical interview, and answered his first questions.

We started going through his resume, and I asked a technical question relating to his claimed experience.

That is when I first heard the mechanical keyboard. I can not be certain (no video) but I am fairly confident that he was Googling the answers to questions I was asking. I adjusted and started asking follow up questions that would be hard to quickly search for. He was unable to answer those.

After a few minutes, we got to my former employer. I asked who his supervisor was.

I have never heard of the person he claimed.  I let him know I worked there at the same time he was claiming.  In the IT department, like he was claiming.

He responded with "Oh, sh!t."

I explained (briefly) that I was the person that would have been his boss, and that he was claiming to have done my job.

He tried to tell me that he worked in a different building.

This is when I got mad.  I told him that there was only one IT department for this rather small school.  I had to stop myself from calling out all the crap, instead, I just ended the interview. 

I wasted 45 minutes of my life.  Well, he wasted it.

I called the employment agency that recommended him and told them everything, including the bogus degrees. I then called several other agencies and gave them the scoop, complete with his LinkedIn account and resume that showed the same false information.

The odds of me interviewing this jerk were insane.  I find this both ridiculously funny and infuriating.
.
Kissing was different from my expectation
I had my first kiss a few days ago. I was way more awkward and slobbery and confusing than I expected it to be. We just both kept laughing at how bad we were at it. It was also her first time kissing someone so we kinda had to figure out out together lol.
.
My teacher called out my paper on “what not to do”
I worked really hard on a paper and it got called out today first thing in class of “what not to do”. The teacher excluded my name and other identifying information but he said that the paper was from someone in the class. 

I felt like cold water was being poured down my back, a prickling sensation all over my body, my cheeks burning up, and my stomach was churning. A girl laughed which made me feel worse. 

I wrote the paper as best I could, went to the teacher for help, asked for more help over email but each time the teacher just blew me off. I asked other classmates for help too but no one really seemed to understand the paper instructions either. More than half the class did not do well either. 

It just felt awful to have my paper called out and used as a prime example of “what not to do”. What a great way to start a Monday. 
.
I have no one to tell really, but I got my first publication in a healthcare journal!
By no means am I bragging. I just have no one to share this with. Now you can google my name and not have my social media be the only thing that pops up. Thanks for reading :)

Edit:  went to sleep after submitting this post..wow!! You all are amazing- I’ll go through as many comments as I can before I gotta head out today.  
  
The amount of love going on here is too much!! Y’all the best!  
  
Edit2: Did not expect this level of feedback. You all are amazing, I’m at a loss for words. It’s been a tough busy week at work and all your encouragement and well wishes are doing amazing things. Reaffirming that this sub is one of the best on reddit. I’ll try to respond to comments when I’m back home at my desktop tomorrow. Much love everyone!
.
I helped my company secure a multimillion dollar account...and I have my love of zombie movies to thank for it.
Background; I work in the shipping industry and my job is primarily focused on dealing with hazardous materials, international shipments; and most importantly preventing and habdling damaged product.

I have been on the warehouse floor for 10 years and have done a little bit of everything. One day our sales rep asked me if I would be willing to share my knowledge with potential clients who come in to see the facility. I was encouraged to discuss my history with damaged goods, how we do the process, the % of damages versus how many packages go through us, and our equipment.

Well I was getting very good at answering questions and explaining all the processes. When we got a new group in to check out the warehouse, our salea rep brought them over per usual to me at the end.

One of their leads started asking me a lot more questions than the norm. How we handle packages whose labels got removed, how we handle product that fell out of a box; etc and etc.

I nailed all the questions and ended it with "We have a process and plan for practically any problem..."

To which the guy responded; "And what if there is a zombie outbreak?"

Now I love zombie flicks and am a huge horror nut to begin with. One of my favorite "bored" past times was to make up zombie apocalypse survival plans in my head or with other friends at work. We always joked how we would use the warehouse as a bunker.

As such; i switchdd immediately from Professional Mode to Geek mode and without missing a beat i responded;

"Well our walls are 14 feet high and surround the entire facility. Reinforced with rebar and steel to prevent any break downs. We only have one gate in and out for drivers. All we need is to take the trailer off its frame and drop it before the gate to secure it.

We have an on site gas station that we can use for any fueling needs including the several generators we keep for backup. Once secure we take inventory of all the shipments we have which will most likely include food ammo and other necessities. We have roof access to monitor the surrounding areas and our catwalks allow easy scouting off the ground floor inside. All rooms can be locked and oir security footage can handle our blind spots."

It was a knee jerk reaction. 100% geek powered. The looks on their faces were priceless and our sales rep was trying to keep from laughing. They ended up signing up with the company - not because of me but they admitted I helped as my answers were one of the best parts of the tour.

It is still one of my favorite customer interactions to date.

**edit** Omg thank you for the silver!!
**edit 2** 2 GOLD AND PLATINUM!? THANK YOU SO MUCH EVERYONE
.
My best friend called me after 3 months and it felt really good
So like a few months ago I shifted from India to the USA. I am a teenager and don't relate to basically anything that they say. My English is very good so that wasn't a problem, but I just find it hard to make friends here. Then one day I got a call from an unknown Indian number.

"Kaun hai?" (Who is this?)

"Tera baap huun madarchod!" (It's your daddy speaking motherfucker!)

Only one person talks to me like that: my best friend. That made me really happy to hear and the time difference only allowed us to talk for like 15 minutes, but it was heartwarming to hear someone and catch up on stuff. I am quite lonely here and just thought I would like to share this here.
.
I just shook a surgeon's hand and it was a surreal experience.
My girlfriend donated a kidney to her aunt today, and I'm in the hospital, visiting, being supportive. When the donor surgery was over, the surgeon visited us in the waiting lounge, told us that everything went well, and shook our hands. As he was walking away it blew my mind that (with the help of some tools) *those hands just cut into my girlfriend and removed an organ*. I've shaken pro athlete's hands, sat inside quarter-million dollar sports cars, gotten signatures from famous authors, stood on movie sets right where the actors had been, visited historical sites where world leaders lived and worked... but nothing has ever been as surreal as shaking hands with a surgeon. I might just be susceptible because of the personal attachment. Just wondering if anyone else can speak on this.

Edit: Trying to keep up with comments and failing. I went through the toplevel stuff for awhile but I'm sorry if I didn't get to yours.
.
I just won $100 on a slot machine.
My SO had to wait in a long line for the bathroom, so I put $5 on the Juriassic Park slot machine and won $100. I hardly ever gamble, and to be honest I dont really understand the slot machine rules, but I was really excited to win! I already spent my winnings on lobster rolls and beers, but I just wanted to tell someone.
.
Someone asked for my number today!
This has honestly never happened to me, so it was pleasantly surprising when it did happen. I was sitting at a cafe, writing away in my little corner. I specifically chose the corner of the room because I get anxious being in a room if I can't see all escape points lol. Anyway, it wasn't super busy but two guys came over next to my table, and one of them asked if they could borrow the chair at my table for their table. Not a problem, he was super polite and kind when asking, apologizing for interrupting me and whatnot. 

&#x200B;

I was there for a few hours writing and responding to emails when I noticed the guy who asked for a chair kept looking at me. Normally, this would make me feel super uncomfortable, but it was more of a nervous, almost longing glance. I was pulled out of my writing stupor again when they both got up, and the same guy approached me. He was very nervous and shy but forward when he asked, explaining how he almost never does this and that it's okay if I say no. I was so flattered and equally surprised at how respectful and sweet he was that I immediately said yes. 

&#x200B;

It really brightened up my day! I've always been scared of being approached in that way, but in the warm comfort of my favorite cafe and with this very sweet and polite guy reassuring me that it's okay if I say no, I realized that maybe it's alright to receive attention in that way. That is, if the person is respectful about it. 

&#x200B;

Tl;dr: Someone asked for my number today and I was very flattered and accepted. It used to scare me thinking about getting approached in an unwanted manner, but if done properly I think it's a beautiful thing :) 


EDIT: Woah, okay, I wasnt expecting this kind of response when checking Reddit for the day! Thank you for all the positive comments, it's really kind of all of you. And for the people who asked for an update, yes, a date is happening on Sunday and I'm pretty nervous about it since I've never been on one before lol. Wish me luck! 
.
My mom was declared cancer free but I come here with a PSA
Dear people of reddit. 

Get it looked at. Yes, that too. Like, seriously, please, do.

Do not be ashamed to go to the doctor.

NOBODY there cares your ass is hairy, or your vage seems weird to you. Just... GET IT CHECKED OUT NOW!

My mom was lucky that what she self-medicated as hemorrhoids turned out to be a treatable tumor.

Just have it looked at. Really.
.
Reddit has completely ruined all other social media for me
I can’t be the only one seeing this, right? 

Everything, all the content, memes, jokes I see on Reddit finds itself on Instagram or Twitter a few days later. It’s like Instagram and Twitter are just mainstream versions of Reddit.

This has completely changed the browsing experience for me. Now, whenever my friends show me something I can’t enjoy it because I already saw it on Reddit. 

Idk, maybe it’s cool having a first look into the internet but being ahead of everyone kind of ruins the fun for me. I barely touch Instagram anymore, at least Twitter has some uniqueness lol. 

Just my thoughts for a casual conversation:)

e: I do love Reddit. And I’ll continue to use it:)
.
Anyone else feel unpaid internships should be illegal?
Thankfully, I'm in the position to take them, but it upsets me knowing my friends can't. I wish companies would stop exploiting young people so much. 

It's not even that our field is over-saturated. We're engineers at one of the world's best universities. There's demand, but never any money to pay us...
.
My internet friend who disappeared for 2 years sent me a DM today.
I'm just so happy and wanted to share. At some point, I started thinking that they might have died or be ill, or that they forgot about me... Ghosting never feels good, but this person is special to me, so it actually made me pretty sad to think I might never hear from them again. But today is the day. I got news. I'm just so happy. My heart jumped when I saw that notification.

&#x200B;

Don't lose hope, your internet friends that went missing might still show up. :)

&#x200B;

**EDIT 1:** Guys, this is incredible. Today, I went back to the website where I got that DM from and... Another of my dear friends had came back! One that went missing for even longer, 5 years! I can't believe it. I'm so happy. I can't wait to hear from them both! I'll update you when I know more.

&#x200B;

**EDIT 2:** These two guys met again 10 years later in this very thread! [https://www.reddit.com/r/CasualConversation/comments/bx69qf/my\_internet\_friend\_who\_disappeared\_for\_2\_years/eq7qfsg?utm\_source=share&utm\_medium=web2x](https://www.reddit.com/r/CasualConversation/comments/bx69qf/my_internet_friend_who_disappeared_for_2_years/eq7qfsg?utm_source=share&utm_medium=web2x)

&#x200B;

**EDIT 3:** The friend I talk about in the main post (the one from EDIT 1. hasn't replied yet) changed country and has a new, tiring job. They decided to focus a lot on their job and on side projects in order to benefit even more from them later. So, good news. I'm happy for them. :)

&#x200B;

Also, to people saying I'm too forgiving or that I should be mad or expect great explanations, know that I didn't tell the full story when I posted this post. I didn't expect people to care about it that much (it's the first time one of my posts here gets any attention I believe), so I didn't give much details, but know that I, too, left that website for a year straight because some people pushed me to do so (a large group of people had a hobby of being assholes to me every single day for whatever reason). 

I truly don't care about the reasons that much anyway. They're alive, that's the best thing I could hear. All the other stuff is personnal and I'd never judge it.
.
I think my neighbor thinks I can talk to her dog
I have a neighbor who walks a beautiful brindle bulldog mix on my street every day. Today I was just coming home from the grocery store when they walked by on the other side of the street. The dog stopped to stare at me and I could hear the owner trying to get it to walk again. So I looked over, and like I do with most dogs, I talked to it. I said "Yes I see you over there. You're beautiful but you better finish your walk now." And then the dog took off walking again. The owner stared at me for a solid 5-10 seconds with huge eyes, and then turned and followed the dog.
.
I'm getting married this year and I'm continually amazed at what people think they can talk to you about
So first off, married guys think it's hilarious to say "Don't do it!" "Run!" and stuff like that.  I find it really obnoxious.  Like, besides being super disrespectful to your wife [and kids], it's just plain insulting to me.  I'm 37, I've been in relationships before.  Obviously I'm not in some crazy hurry, I made the choice deliberately.  And they'll go on forever, spending 10-15 minutes regaling me with tales of their misery.  I am just really unamused when guys do that, particularly when it's people I've known for a matter of minutes. 

Then there's the crap my family pulls.  As it gets closer to the big day I'm getting tired of reminding relatives it's my wedding and not theirs.  My mom is constantly preoccupied with me following tradition and convention, and she's kicking in a lot of the money so she gets some say, but still.  Gimme a break already.  

And this is the real kicker- "how old are you?  How old is she?  OH SHE'S GOING TO WANT TO HAVE KIDS RIGHT AWAY."  Like Jesus Christ dude we just met, the viability of my wife's ovaries is not your concern.  I said I'm getting married, not breeding racehorses.  I just can't believe the stuff people say so casually and uninvited.

Edit: I've never had to say "ow my inbox" before.

.
My friends threw me a surprise party two weeks after my birthday.
My birthday was on a Wednesday so about two weeks ago we all decided to go out for my birthday on a Saturday night. It didn’t go well at all. Three of my friends had the flu. My car got broken into and the window shattered all over everything. I ran into my ex and he “accidentally” spilled water on my shoes. So basically, the night was a disaster. I went home and cried the whole night, and didn’t get out of bed the next day. I deactivated all of my social media for two weeks to be alone. 

Yesterday, my friends invited me out for dinner and then we were gonna go to our friend’s, we’ll call her B, house warming party. The dinner was awesome and delicious, we all had a good time and good laughs. My car is still in the shop so I had to be driven around by my friend F so he had to take me to the party. 

Only about 5 friends went to dinner but when we got to B’s house I walked in to a house full of my friends. They turned on the light and jumped out and said surprise! They made me a birthday cake, had my favorite wine, and decorations. I teared up because it was the sweetest thing anyone has done for me in a long long time. It made me feel extremely loved and important. 

I just felt like sharing because I woke up today feeling very happy. I hope everyone has a good day! 
.
I figured out why everyone is anonymous on reddit. It's so you can be honest to yourself.
This is solely my interpretation:  
I was in my office, shortly after a meeting, and some senior employees were having a chat with all the new employees (such as myself). One of them starting talking about politics and supported some policies that I fundamentally disagreed with.  
In that moment, I could see a few other people noticeably uncomfortable, but no one said anything because we were worried about creating a bad impression, how it affected our relationship with senior members, how it might sound, what others may think,  etc.  


I came back home and while browsing reddit, saw someone mention their support for similar policies as the senior employee had. And without fear, I wrote a comment mentioning everything that I felt, but was too afraid to say in my office. 

I got to say something that I felt needed to be said and I am forever grateful to reddit to provide me with an outlet to do so. I can't imagine doing so on Facebook, or Insta. 

I can be the most honest version of myself here and I'm so happy to do so.
.
Life is fucking weird, just experienced the biggest coincidence
 I am studying in Barcelona and I have made a Turkish friend here, I´m Turkish as well but live in Europe. So one weekend two of his Turkish friends were visiting him from Austria, and when we started chatting I asked one of his friends where he was from Turkey. And he said this small town, where barely 150 people live. Turns out he lives in the same town where my grand parents live and where I used to go every year. I couldn´t  believe it and asked him a couple of questions. He got everything right. Then finally I asked him if he knew my uncle, because they´re the same age. He told me he was friends with my uncle. Biggest mindfuck I have ever had. He lived in the house in front of my grandparents house. Of all the  towns he could live from in Turkey, he lived in the same one as me and my grandparents do.
.
I made a custom hoodie for a singer that I like, not sure if he would like it. A day after I gave it to him, I saw him wearing it in public, and he uploaded a photo of him wearing it on his Instagram. I still can't believe it.
[TLDR at the bottom]:

There's a singer who's a part of a singing group that I like. He's few years younger than me, and I've come to the realization that I didn't just like what he does but that he actually inspires me. Before the particular moment in my title, I had met him once in April during a fan meet and greet, and in August I saw him perform a mini-concert. (It was a regular length concert, but with various artists who each performed several songs.) After that time, the group announced their first tour  in the United States so I jumped on that. A few days ago I had the privilege of being able to see their soundcheck, go to another meet and greet, and finally see the show. 

During the meet and greet I didn't show him the gift (bag) that I made him. I just handed it all over to the people running the whole thing and carried on as usual. During the meet he asked me if he's seen me before, which was so surprising because I had only been in front of his face twice in our lives, one of those a fleeting moment. 

I finished meeting the rest of the group and we took a photo. I left. Later on was the concert, and when it ended I carried on my life as normal. 

As a millennial / generation Z (cusp), of course I had to upload a few clips from the concert on social media the next day. As I did this, I looked at some of the groups' social media pages. They were uploading clips (almost "live") of what they were up to as they prepared for the next concert in another city. 

I also see the guy make a post saying something along the lines of "I love hoodies." I think to myself, mostly kidding-- "Is that a coincidence when I gave him one the day before? I think not!"

And not even ten minutes later, there it is... The member that I gave the hoodie to... ***Wearing the hoodie.*** 

In the clip, for about a tenth of a second I see the guy with a sweater the color of the one that I bought him. I thought to myself "That's different than the color of their merchandise, right?" (as they haven't really worn much anything other than that during tour) And I looked away. I told myself to calm down, that he's not wearing it, that I shouldn't get my hopes up. That my goal was accomplished as long as he had it and did whatever he felt necessary with it (like pass it on to someone if he didn't like it, etc). After I did that, I cautiously watched more of that clip, staring at the sweater. I had no proof that it was mine... But then he turned around. And at that moment **it was real**. That was definitely the one that I made because that's the only one that exists that looked like that. Not that it was a special sweater, design-wise, but it was made in a way that you could tell it wasn't made by a machine.

I couldn't scream, but I yelled all sorts of expletives. (It's rare that I curse.) I was home alone so I could freely let all of my energy out. 

I hurried to show all of my friends the clip of him to show them that it was my sweater (which in hindsight was kind of pathetic in a funny way, haha). They share my excitement, and minutes later I get a notification from one friend, just freaking out. By this time I'm just like "What?" Because I've reached peak level excitement and surely whatever she says wasn't going to have been necessary for the way that she wrote it. But then she shares me a new post and it's from him. **These posts he made with a photo wearing it had over hundreds of thousands of likes.** To be fair, you could barely see the sweater-- and only the front at that (when the part I decorated was on the arms)-- but that doesn't matter. I know that that's... what's what I gave him. 

That was my first time ever giving a well known person something. I never thought that I would, but something just made me want to make him a gift. Out of all people I knew he would likely be appreciative but I didn't imagine the posts, let alone so soon. I was just hoping he'd ***see*** the sweater! 

I wrote him a somewhat personal, somewhat goofy letter that I put into the gift bag I got him. I don't know if he read it or just saw the sweater and liked it, but in the letter I explained why I chose the design/wording on the sweater. I like to think that he read the letter and made those posts to-- firstly, freak me out (because who doesn't love surprising their fans, I guess?), and secondly, give me a sign. 

*And that's the story about how I, a casual fan of someone's work and personality, freaked out over a hoodie.*
_____________________________________________

**TLDR**: I made a singer that I admire a custom hoodie and gave it to his staff to give to him after a meet and greet that I attended. I made him the hoodie because I thought that at the very least he would appreciate it, even if it wasn't something he personally liked. Along with the hoodie, I gave him a few other things in a gift bag. One of the things being a short letter explaining why a hoodie and why what I put on it. I leave the event, my job done, having had a good time. The next day he posted on his social media about how he loved hoodies, my eyes wide open. About ten minutes later I see photos and videos of him wearing the hoodie not only on his group members' social media profiles, but also on profiles from fans and his own profiles. My friends and I are the only ones who know what happened, so it's kind of an inside thing. Well, until now I guess. But still, kinda.        
  
______________________________________________

**EDIT: Since a lot of people asked--** It's a Latin boy band called CNCO. (Pronounced like English letters, which sounds similar to "cinco" in Spanish.) Because... Five. 



   
.
When folks tell me I'm fat . . .
I just laugh and tell them that they have no idea. Six years ago, I was 300lbs and a size 28 pants. Now, as of 10/2018, I'm 180lbs and a size 14 pants. The progress is slow, but by golly, I'm hella proud of where I am now. I even tell'em, they shoulda seen me back then, versus now. lmao.
.
My wife and I are expecting our first son at any moment
Her due date is technically end of July, but he is measuring ahead of schedule. She is 50% ephased(sp?) and lost her mucus plug (I am told that means he may be here soon). We have been married for 6 years and together over 10. We are super excited and I just want him to come already!! I know everything will change and we will lose sleep, but I do not mind at this point, just excited to be a dad for the first time! :)

Edit 1: Hey guys sorry for later update, seems I sort of jumped the gun. I apologize, I'm just super excited and when the doctors told her he could come at any time, we assumed it would happen. Of course he's being stubborn, but we are inducing him a week from today (if he doesn't come before hand). Again sorry for later update, just didnt have news until today. So at the very least ILL BE A DAD IN ONE WEEK!!! Thanks again for everyone sharing in my excitement, I can't wait to hold him. :) :) I'll update again once I know more!
.
I stepped out of my comfort zone, and I’m proud! :)
Hey y’all!

So I don’t get invited to many places a whole lot, but tonight, my co-workers invited me to go hang with them at a bar downtown, and it was the first time in my (young) adult life I did something like that.  My friends respected that I don’t drink, but we enjoyed chatting, meeting new people, listening to a live band, dancing, all the fun stuff that happens every weekend lol!  I’m proud of myself for accepting the invitation because I’m usually introverted when it comes to things like that, but I enjoyed the experience and I honestly hope I can do that again very soon!

I’m sorry if this post sounds lame lol, I’m just really glad I wasn’t forgotten by friends.  Some of them even said “AYYEEE, WE NEVER SEE YOU OUTSIDE OF WORK!” That was funny (and true 😅😂).

Edit: I was not expecting all these comments of support or see your stories about getting out of your shells, but I love reading all of your comments!! 😊 You’re all freaking amazing!  Nothing but love for all of you wonderful people! 😊❤️
.
Learned I’m the one “with all the cool sneaker” at work.
I’m a middle-aged woman working in a semi-creative role at a Fortune 500 company. My style is pretty casual and nondescript (or so I thought), but I looooove sneakers and sneaker culture and have a decent collection that I wear them pretty much every day. 

Yesterday I discovered I was known across my department as “the one with all the cool sneakers” and it made me stupidly happy to learn that.
.
From Prison to Straight A's
Midterm grades have posted and I have at least a 95 in every class. Got out of prison in October and started school in January.  If I keep a 4.0 through the end of this semester I will get a $6,000 transfer scholarship.

Also, my big paper in my english composition class will be my final for the end of the semester. I have decided to write about banning the box on college admission applications that ask applicants to list criminal convictions. If I am able to craft a solid argument I plan to submit it to a state newspaper.

thanks fam!

\*edit, i've been informed that scholarship may not be available to me as it is highly competitive. No worries something will work out!

\*\*edit 2:   Got accepted to my 1st choice to study Nutrition and Addiction! I really need help funding my living expenses and tuition. Please checkout my Etsy store if you need any handmade gift items, it really helps me out!

My etsy store: [https://www.etsy.com/shop/ArkansasHandmade](https://www.etsy.com/shop/ArkansasHandmade)
.
Someone once told me a deja vu is life telling you that you are on the right path, that you are where you're supposed to be and your future self has been there before
I think that's a very romantic way of looking at it, but it's something that's stuck with me for years now. Whenever I experience a deja vu, and I experience very few, I go back to this. "Oh, so this means I'm on the right track". Sort of like your life giving you a nod that, you are supposed to be here - let me show you, your future self has been here. So you feel like this whole thing is familiar, because you are supposed to be there; you've been there. It's kind of nice when it happens. You forget about it, so all the times you are NOT having a deja vu, it's not about "oh, I'm not on the right path" but when you do suddenly have one - this comes to mind and it gives me such a positive energy. I don't normally believe in any of this stuff, but it's a nice way to look at it don't you think?
.
I'm at my girlfriend's prom right now. I lost her and her friends didn't want me to hang out with them so I'm exploring the hotel like a secret agent.
Bored. 

Edit: Prom is over. I had an exhilarating run of investigation and secret agentry. I probably disturbed and confused many hotel workers, but it was well worth it. My travels took me to life threatening areas, life *creating* events (if you know what I mean) and some pretty mysterious places. I'd highly recommend it next time you're bored in a hotel. To all those saying the "friends" and my gf are in the wrong here, I agree. I was trying to make the best of a bad situation, so I appreciate your words of support. I'll probably talk to her about it. Hopefully I'll return back to the hotel soon to finally discover what's behind the final door... I know at the very least it's the roof, but it could be something much, much cooler. Have an awesome day! 

Edit 2: you guys are awesome &amp;lt;3 thank you for your kind words. For those wondering... yes, I got laid. It was my secret agent duty. Also pics are coming soon (not of that last statement :P of the red ladder and the high frequency room).

Edit 3: Finally got home and pics have arrived! 
https://imgur.com/a/bA6Ge 
I made a handy album with descriptions. Enjoy and let me know what you think!

Edit 4: Thanks to some publicity from the bestof link, somebody who went to the same prom contacted me and said he knows employees of the hotel and can possibly find out what's in the secret room! Stay tuned everybody!!

Edit 5: Agent schnebly5 reporting in...the drama continues! Thanks to /u/countingchris, whose friend's mom works at the hotel, supposedly that area of the hotel is HAUNTED and guests aren't allowed up there! I did a little research and couldn't believe what I found: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Omni_Shoreham_Hotel#Haunting. That's right where I was snooping around on the 8th floor, and I had no idea of any of these rumors!! This just keeps getting weirder...

Final Edit: Doubt anyone is still reading this but we broke up :(
.
I just dropped my entire plate of food into the bath.
Two slices of pizza, two cheese sticks, and a brownie. I hadn't even taken my first bite yet. Now I've ruined my breakfast (don't judge) AND my bath...

I'm a fucking idiot.

...How's your Sunday going CC?

EDIT: You guys made this my most popular post, I want to drink bleach. But in all casualness, I'm glad you guys appreciate my buffoonery. I may hate myself, but I love you guys. 
.
Today, after 2 years of university, I finally managed to gather the courage to ask a question in class :)
Edit: did not expect this to blow up - I really would like to answer each and every single one of you but it's hard keeping up with the comments! Im definitely reading the comments though :)

I thought about the question and formulated it in my mind for like 15 minutes before I even dared ask it, and my heart was pounding like crazy even just at the darn thought of raising my hand (I hadn't even spoken yet and my anxiety was kicking in). 

But I did it!

I raised my arm and asked the professor a question.
.
I spent 3 years in prison. Dropped out of college when I was 20.
Now I'm back in school 10 years later, straight A's, studying my butt off, lift weights every day, eating a very clean healthy diet. I look better an feel better than I have in years. I'm 3.5 years sober and 5 years clean from Meth.

Just wanted to take a minute to say life is good. Thats all fam'!

\*\*edit 2: Got accepted to my 1st choice to study Nutrition and Addiction! I really need help funding my living expenses and tuition. Please checkout my Etsy store if you need any handmade gift items, it really helps me out!

My etsy store: [https://www.etsy.com/shop/ArkansasHandmade](https://www.etsy.com/shop/ArkansasHandmade)
.
Y'all remember when there was gum stuck on everything?
I'm 37, and I remember growing up and constantly dealing with gum stuck all over the place. I just saw some and realized I haven't seen it in the longest time. I wonder what changed?
.
I learned an amazing lesson from a substitute teacher years ago, and I just learned that he died.
When I was in middle school, I was bullied relentlessly, and had very low self-confidence. I walked around all day between classes with my head down, watching my shoes and the floor.

Mr T. saw me doing this in the hall one day, and stopped me. He asked me why I was looking downwards, and I had no real answer for him. He told me something to the effect of, “there’s nothing down there for you, and if you think that there is something there for you, there isn’t. You’re worth more than that.”

That stayed with me since I was 12 years old, and aside from watching for ice, I’ve never looked down since then. Instead, I’ve held my head high (or just eye level I guess) and every time I’ve felt anxious or self-conscious, and my eyes would dip low, his words, his sentiment, would echo in my ear. And I’d bring my head back up somewhat proudly. 

I told a friend two weeks ago that this was the best advice that I’d ever received. I know it isn’t much, but for me it changed my life for the better. And yesterday, I found out through Facebook that he passed away after a battle with cancer.

Mr Turner, wherever you are now, you are not forgotten. I think about what you told me daily. You truly have made a massive difference in my life, and I thank you for it every day.

Keep your head held high, friends.
.
I am young and alive
First time in london, just got home from a pub hosting a 20's jazz night.
I danced with an old man who said the words i might never forget:

'I was young like you once. Sixty years ago. I can almost remember it.'

I cried in the bathroom for around 10 minutes.
I'm grateful I can experience this moment of youth.
.
I've been sober for two months and I survived my office Christmas party last night.
After spending most of my (27F) life struggling with one of my parents' alcohol addiction, I finally started going to a therapist on a weekly basis. Whenever I'd drink I'd get so scared of losing control and 'becoming' my parent and I'd have full-blown panic attacks. So a couple months ago I decided to cut alcohol out completely, which is tough when you live in London and 95% of social culture is based on dat drinking lifestyle. But I've done it, not touching a drop for two whole months, and I feel fantastic.

I've been real nervy about my office Christmas shindig as it's renowned for being centred on having excellent drinks, and it's a small, close-knit company. I've not really had to explain to anyone that I'm not drinking anymore, or *why* I'm not drinking anymore. But I went out with everyone, ordered a sparkling water and lime at lunch, and stuck with it all day. I got some questions, and I didn't really go beyond "Yeah, drinking didn't agree with me, so I'm on soda these days", but it wasn't a big deal at all and I could have cried with relief. It ended up being a fantastic time, and the support I got from everyone meant the world to me. 
.
If you are reading this, I hope you have a nice day
Hello, I woke up today with a positive energy and happy for no reason. I wish that I can make you feel the same or at least make you smile for a while.
Have a great day everyone
.
My mom just melted my heart
So I just came out of the shower, and I told my mom to go shower, but she fell asleep on her bed. Tried waking her up, but she just fell asleep again. 

So as I was just watching her, I placed my finger into her hand, and she just instinctively grasped my finger. Just very gently. I pulled my finger away and tried again. She did it again.

And now all I can think about is maybe how much she grasped my tiny hands back when I was a little kid.

I love you mom -

Edit: Thanks kind stranger for my first silver! Gosh all these comments make me ready to cry, haha, you guys are the best 

Also, so I asked my mom about it this morning, and she was like, yeah I felt your hand - you gave me a finger, so I grasped it! But she was legit snoring throughout that entire thing, so....*shrug* she’s adorable either ways haha - have a great day everyone!
.
I wonder how many tourist's photos I'm in. I wonder if there's a picture with me in it, hanging in someone's house.
I live in St. Augustine and it is quite a tourist attraction. Born and raised here so I have spent many years going downtown and still do. Always walking by and in front of people taking pictures. Always wondered how many I've made it into.

EDIT

Thanks for the gold kind stranger!! 

EDIT 2

Wow! Did not expect so many comments! I have really enjoyed reading your stories! Maybe one day we will find these pictures of ourselves. I like the facial recognition ideas!
.
I asked a stranger for his number!
So NYC’s subway system gets pretty crowded during rush hour and today during my morning commute I (f) found myself standing next to this rather attractive shaggy haired guy that smelt of sweaty cologne. 

I wanted to ask this fellow for his number. I’ve never done this before so I reached out to my guy friend to ask for an execution plan (“just show your tits and ask, “ask him if he goes to the gym”...bad advice). So from the ride of 34th to 116th Street, I went through a series of anxiety symptoms, sweaty palms, shakes, rapid heart rate. Finally between 116th and 125th, now or never, I mustered enough courage and it went something similar to this, “hey, so I think you’re kinda handsome and was wondering if I could have your number if you’re not seeing anyone” and proceeded to hand him my phone which he entered in his number. 

I sent him a txt at 09:30am and now it’s 1pm. Still no answer. You win some and lose some 🤷🏻‍♀️

Having gone through this experience for the first time, I have a new profound respect for males (and anyone else) who do the pursing, mustering up courage, facing possible rejection and executing a plan to get a stranger’s number

Despite not getting a text back, I feel very proud of myself for stepping out of my comfort zone and following through! 

EDIT UPDATE @ 9pm: No message back but it’s okay. I’m not upset or hurt, or phased in any negative light by this experience. I’m just happy that I went through with it. Thank you everyone for your kind message, words, and insight to the situation. 

EDIT UPDATE @ 8/20 : 16:25, YO GURL GOT A TXT BACKKKKK AYE YOOOOOO! 🙌🏽🎉

EDIT UPDATE! Shaggy is 21...I am 27, not about to rock the cradle here 
.
My boyfriend and I held hands at a party and while walking through a city and didn't get assaulted
We're gay. We went to a party last night and were often holding hands or had our arms around each other. We sat on each other at some points. We walked down the street holding hands or with our arms around each other too. Passed several people on the street and didn't get assaulted, any insulting comments, or any dirty looks. We didn't face any problems at the party either even though we only knew a few other people there, and we had no idea how the rest would react.

It feels like such a luxury to be able to do this. I couldn't help but think what would've happened a few decades ago, or what would happen just if we were in a different location in the world now. It's scary to think of what could happen, but I feel so fortunate to have been able to do it with no issues.
.
So... I had a birthday and got no gifts
FINAL EDIT 26/5/16: I'm gonna delete my account soon. It's kind of a symbolic thing for me in a strange way. I've changed a lot since I made this post and I appreciate each and every one of you, and now I feel it is time for me to leave this behind and keep working on making myself better. Hope you understand, love you all very much <3 Thanks for everything!

EDIT: IM DOING A GIVEAWAY FOR STEAM CODES FROM THE ONES I GOT, HERE IS THE POST: http://www.reddit.com/r/CasualConversation/comments/2l23k9/my_giveaway_steam/





Barely anybody even rememberd it... I was really expecting my sister to get me the game I wanted but she forgot my birthday too. :(


Edit: Wow... You guys are so great!i Thanks fpr the wishes, gold and everything! So appreciated!


Edit 2: You all made me so happy. Thanks to every single one of you!


Edit 3: Seriously you guys are insane, some awesome people even sent me steam codes. You all made me SO happy today!


Edit 4: Sorry if I havent replied to you i have been very busy, will try to answer all later today. THANK YOU SO MUCH REDDIT <3

 Edit 5: I got so many things sent to me so Im gonna give sone away! Look out for giveaway very soon!!
.
I'm so glad you are with us today. Your feelings matter and you make this world better just by being here. You are loved.
There is so much confusion and animosity in this world. I'm just so proud that you could stay present through it all.

You are so much stronger than you think you are. It's ok if you don't feel that strength all the time, even now. We're here to help support you. We believe your pain. Know that if you stumble and fall, we don't think less of you, we're not looking down to judge your struggle. We can sit and rest for as long as you need. You are loved. 

You matter to me and to so many others. If we have not met in person, if you can't reach out to find that helping hand, just remember we are still here with you, always. You have support even when it's hard to find. We believe in you and we want what's best for you. You are loved. I look forward to sharing that with you someday, but if I never get the chance, know that you are loved and appreciated all the same.

---------------------

**EDIT:** I'm hesitant to post this edit, since I'm just me and I'm not affiliated with anything. But this is more important. 

For anyone afraid they might hurt themselves, if you can, please try and take a few minutes to read this. It helped me:
https://metanoia.org/suicide/

There are resources and phone numbers at the bottom if you want to talk with someone right now. I am here too if you feel more comfortable, but I'm not trained in any special way. I'm just someone with love to give. I hope you all stay safe tonight and wake up knowing how much I love love LOVE you!
.
Moving to my own apartment (no roommates, no partner) for the first time ever!
The bad part is that my rent is going to be more than double what it is right now. The good part is that I'm getting a massive two bedroom apartment with a real dining room and huge living room ALL TO MYSELF! 

I have no furniture but I ordered a mattress and am obsessively scouring pinterest to figure out how I want to decorate. I used to be pretty "goth" so I had dark red sheets, black blankets... and when I lived with my partner I tried to stay "cool" and upgraded to lots of grey, black, and white... but maybe that's not what I want.

I'm going to buy pale pink sheets and a linen duvet cover. I'm going to adopt my first cat(s). I will feel free to meditate in the living room, to cry and not worry about anyone else, to eat whatever food I want.

Sunday I'll be moving all my stuff (pretty much exclusively art supplies, mason jars of dry goods, and books) and starting my new life!

Anyone have any advice/suggestions to someone making a fresh start?

edit: Whoa guys, thanks so much for so many amazingly helpful comments. I will keep you all in mind as I move and begin setting up. The common advice I received is to take my time, and I'm going to try! I really appreciate y'all.
.
Thanks for giving my grandpa laughs, Reddit
My grandpa died today. He was 91, and though I have had him for 36 years, it was not enough and no amount of time would have ever been enough.

The last time he was really awake enough to talk with me, we looked through dogs on Reddit because he loved dogs so much. People posted them rolling around, being silly, little fat puppies, and he wanted to see all the dog pics. He has been too old to own a dog for a long time, and misses it. When he was healthier, he and I would take my dog to the dog park and laugh at what a great time my dog would have.

So, it's cool to get karma, and I suppose that's a reward. I checked my data usage and we looked at 400MBs of puppies that last night he was able to talk to me. You made an old man smile when he was riddled with cancer, scared for the future, and on his last full day talking to his family. 

I don't really know how to live in a world without him, but I guess right now I'll go look at those dogs we laughed at and save them in my comment history. 

Keep posting good dogs.
.
What’s the best unorthodox date you’ve ever been on?
I had I think the best date ever yesterday. Was talking to a girl on tinder and met up with her for a date. It was already pretty late so we went and got ice cream and just talked. For hours. We tried to find something to do but it was so lay that almost nothing was open. We finally just ended up going to Walmart(lol) and just walked around and talked. We looked at all the really bad books in the romance section, the toys, the movies, and just talked about them and laughed. I’ve literally never laughed harder and for as long as I did last night. She has the best sense of humor and we were just so in sync the entire time. We literally sat on the floor laughing at stupid looking romance novels for an hour at least. Afterwards we just drove around. We listened to her favorite songs, she told me stories about herself, and we talked so much, I feel like I know her better than some people I’ve been in relationships with for months lol. Finally I took her back to her house to drop her off and we ended up sitting in my car talking for at least another hour. We have another, more “normal” date tomorrow (dinner and a movie) and I’ve never looked forward to spending more time with someone as much as this. Such a strange first date but it’s honestly I think one of the best I’ve ever been on. 
.
A former bully just called me to apologize
So I'm a junior in college now, but when I was in high school, I was bullied for being Jewish. Never anything physical, or deriving from anything malicious, but just bullied. So yesterday, the main perpetrator reached out to me and asked me to give him a call. I'm not sure why, but in the back of my head, I felt like I knew what the conversation was going to be about. He had never been a bad kid; he was just a goofball, but back then, it didn't really matter. I was lonely, practically friendless, and really physically immature for my age. I was isolated. And I guess he picked up on that, and saw me as an easy punching bag, incapable of punching back. The worst part is that deep in my heart, I really wanted to be friends with this guy. I thought we had a lot in common, and shared a similar sense of humor. He hung out with the cool kids, I didn't hang out with anybody. So I would take the abuse, hoping that by weathering the blows, I'd somehow become buddies with him. But we never did.

Anyway, so I give him a call today, feeling a bit apprehensive. I knew he would be nice on the phone, because deep down, he was always a good kid. So we're doing some small-talk, and I finally just say, "What did you want to talk to me about?" He paused, and then told me how upset and infuriated he feels about all the hate in the world, especially in the current American political climate. He loathes racism and bigotry, but has always felt like a hypocrite. He told me that, every now and again, he thinks about how he treated me, how he made the Jew jokes for the laughs and because he knew I wouldn't fight back. Then he started to sound a bit choked up, and just said "I'm sorry." And, just like that, I forgave him. It's not like I'm a push-over, but I knew that he really, really meant it, and I respected the hell out of him for making amends. I told him that, at the time, he did a lot of damage to my self-esteem and my psyche, but I'm alright now. Then we agreed that next time we were in the city, we'd meet up. I'm actually looking forward to it. Maybe we'll finally become friends.

I don't know why I felt the need to share this. It's just kicked up a lot of memories and feelings I thought were in the past, and now I'm not sure how to cope with them. Anyway, thanks for reading. If anyone has a similar story, I'd love to hear it.
.
I'm proposing to my girlfriend tonight
My girlfriend and I have been together for nearly five years and I've known for quite a long time that she's the one I want to spend the rest of my life with. She's everything that I look for in a person and more, she's a 10 in every category and I'm definately not, so I can't help but feel lucky. I've called her my wife for years  now because in my eyes she always has been but tonight I want to make  it official. I have our friends in on it helping me out and she has no clue. I'm confident that she's going to say yes but I can't help but be super nervous, I wasn't nervous  until I woke up  this morning and I started doubting  the whole idea, but it's happening! I'm going to do it juuuust before midnight so well go into the new year together. Wish me luck!!
.
My birthday is tomorrow and tonight i cried.
I turn 30 tomorrow. It hit me all at once. I have traveled the US working for different companies, fallen in love, gotten married, gotten divorced, and on multiple occasions wanted nothing more than to die... But tomorrow I turn 30. I never thought I would make it that long. I was so overwhelmed with joy. I could not hold it in any more. 

Never give up! 


Edit: This post is getting more traction that I expected. Thank you everyone! I will try to comment as much as I can. 
I wanted to let everyone who is struggling know that you are loved and you matter. Please call and get help if needed. I am so happy I am alive and wanted to share it with everyone.
Please call 1-800-273-8255 or visit https://suicidepreventionlifeline.org/ if you are struggling! 

Edit 2: I am completely overwhelmed with gratitude from all of the well wishes. I am having an amazing day and have plans for a an amazing weekend.
.
No matter what I do, I cannot take a person seriously if he/she asked me my zodiac sign and starts telling me characteristics I "have"
I have met a lot of people I liked and the moment they ask me my zodiac sign and start talking about it, I feel like I cannot communicate with them. I feel that astrology is such a bullshit thing, that, if I meet someone that says anything about it, I automatically assume they are stupid.
.
I tend to assume every user on Reddit is a male until they mention otherwise.
Even when they say "my husband/boyfriend" I just assume they are gay. I don't think this is a good thing.
.
Probably my favorite thing about going on a trip is being able to come back and use my own bathroom.
Being away for a decent period of time always gives me a renewed appreciation for my bathroom and all it's done for me.

What's your favorite part of going on a trip? 
.
Apple saved my wife’s life.
Recently, Apple released an update for their new Apple Watch. It enable ECG and people could start taking tests.

I let my wife try it on and it kept giving us alerts and telling us to see a doctor soon. We did multiple tests to see if it was true.

We rushed over to the emergency room and told them about the results and they sent us straight in and past the line.

The doctor said that if we didn’t come in, my wife could’ve been having a heart attack in a week. 

Now a few days later, everything is starting to stabilize. We have been taking it easy and are grateful for Apple and the doctors that helped us.

(EDIT) This is literally a couple of minutes after I posted this but Apple has reached out to us and they want to have us be in one of their upcoming apple commercials promoting the ecg feature on the watch. This has all been a long emotional rollercoaster and we are super overwhelmed.
.
Am I the only one who search for answers on Google but added Reddit at the end of the question to see if anyone one shares the same problem?
So after reading so many advises, stuffs, knowledge on Reddit. I have the habit of adding "Reddit" at every end of my questions to see if anyone has the same problem as me.

I can't be the only one right? 
.
Friendly reminder not to get a bunny/chick for your kids this Easter
They live 10+ years and are a huge commitment. They both are social animals and need more than one to thrive, need a ton of space to exercise, need fresh fruits and veggies daily, and can stink, especially chickens. 

Don't get me wrong, they are wonderful animals to keep. But don't buy them because they are cute and fluffy and it's Easter and your kids will love them. 

And for the love of all that is holy do NOT buy any animal that is dyed an unnatural color. I will personally hunt you down and make sure you never own anything living every again. 

Thank you, have a good night. 
.
I’m fighting my stutter!
I’m a 17 year old stutterer. Ever since I was little, I’ve had a stutter. About 2 years ago, it was really bad, but it’s gotten better to the point where I can call people on the phone and raise my hand in class. Sure, I stutter a lot, but I’ve been able to sort of hide it from the world. But recently, my school had an activities fair where you get to choose clubs to do. I said “fuck it”, and joined Mock Trial and Speech Club, both a stutterers worst nightmare. I feel like this is the year that will be different for me, and I’m trying to make it that way!

Edit: You all are too nice. Every single comment has been supportive. I feel so energized and ready to go out into the world and talk! Also, thanks for the gold!
.
Good morning Reddit
I'm sitting in the parking lot of my job about to go in for work today. It's a very rainy Saturday this morning in Texas. It's cold,  But I have to say I'm grateful to have this job. My family is at home sleeping in a warm house, And I just wanna wish everyone a good Saturday whether you're working or at home family or alone I hope that you're able to find some kind of rest and peace today.

*edit* I have to say, I am overwhelmed by the outpouring of well wishes, karma, the people from far and close, and the gold! thank you all so much for making this a great Saturday!
.
Every night I tell myself I'm gonna go to bed early, and then next thing I know it's 4am and I'm still up playing guitar or watching Netflix or making French toast. I have no idea why I love this so much.
I'll have things to do the next day. I'll be tired as fuck. But for some reason I love the feeling of doing things while I should be sleeping. I tell my family Goodnight and for all they know I'm passed out but instead I'm walking to the store to buy a soda, or I'm taking a radio apart. I swear if people knew the things I did between midnight and sunrise they'd think I was on meth. But nope. I just like having a secret nightlife. If I wasn't so awkward and uncoordinated I'd probably go fight crime right now. Maybe I'll just do laundry instead.
.
I've been clean for six weeks now :)
Today marks the sixth week I've been clean. I'm finally out of the hole. Had to come to some harsh realisations about my behaviour. i can't erase that. All i can do is attempt to get better and move on.
.
My boyfriend is just cute.
This is just a passing thought but I really love my boyfriend. He’s so cute sometimes it makes my heart burst. I’m going through this really stressful transition in life since starting school, and he’s been so supportive throughout. But he’s so excited for football! After a long message of encouragement last night, he followed up with a text saying “FOOOOOOOOOTBAL!”

When I saw him that night he explained that for some reason, “ball” in “football” looked like it was spelled incorrectly and he took out an L. So now I next him “fooootbal!” And we have a good laugh.

It’s just the little things in life sometimes. I’m happy I met him.
.
Today my son graduates pre-school. They will definitely have a slideshow of their progress over the past 3 years in the special-ed program. I am 99% sure I will cry my eyes out at that point. I'm a 35 year old man
****UPDATE**** I cried like a small child. Thanks all for being so cool

It's been such a long journey of ups and downs. He went from being almost completely non verbal to almost being fully matriculated into regulsr classes. They think in a few years with proper support he will no longer need help. I will be a mess in that gymnasium today
.
Taco Bell is spreading here in the UK so I decided to see if the joke about it destroying your insides was true. Myth confirmed.
So I love spicy food and in particular jalapeños so last night I decided to have some Taco Bell to see if the meme about it obliterating your intestines was true, thinking it was just an over exaggeration. 

I’ll start by saying it was bloody nice and definitely tasted better than I expected. 

However. 

This morning I found that you really do pay for it the next day. I’m typing this from the loo, on the throne of my own naivety as my bowls make noises I’ve only heard in monster movies. 

I think it was worth it. 
.
Accidentally trolled a woman while I was getting flowers today
My wife and I are retired and both of our parents have passed. A friend of my wife is staying with us while her mother is in hospice. Since we have always jokingly referred to her as my second wife, I decided at the last moment to pick up flowers for her as well. I started walking away with two bundles of flowers in my hand and one of the other men getting flowers jokingly said "what are you trying to do make us all look bad?" I snarkily replied, "I get my wife and my mistress the same flowers, that way I don't have to remember who got what". 

We both got a laugh out of it and I turned to see the shocked face of a middle-aged woman looking at me as if I had just declared myself some sort of monster. The utter scorn she displayed was evident. 


I smiled and winked at I walked past her. 

I have not stopped chuckling about it all night long.
.
I don’t have anyone to tell the happy news to, but I came out to my sister and she took it really well.
We were just hanging out late last night, and I told her I was transgender and that I converted to Judaism (which are both big deals living in a hyper-conservative xtian family.)
.
2 years clean from dope.
Today marks two years clean from heroin and crystal meth. I had to move half way across the country to do it but here we are. I went from homeless in Arizona to rehab in Kalamazoo  Michigan to sober living in Detroit and 6 months later back home, sober living for a month here just to show everyone I'm serious about it and now I'm working two jobs bought a car and looking at apartments. Couldn't have done it without the support of my parents my sister her husband and my best friends. Thank you all of you.  
.
I had a crazy, scary night last night I have to tell someone about.
Major lurker on reddit for the last few years but this seems worth posting about


So i was laying in bed with the wife at about midnight. She was fast asleep and i was almost there when i heard my doorbell ring. I get out of bed and go down the hall to the front and ask who's there.  Some girl says her name is Allie. So i crack the door open to see what the deal was. Long story short she and her BF tell me their truck is stuck in a ditch down the road and asked if i could help them pull it out (with my truck that was parked in the driveway). Okay... I've been there so i agree and tell them to give me a minute to get dressed.


They seemed a little sketchy so i was wary from the get-go. But hey i'm sure i look a little sketchy to some people too, and the town i live in has a high poverty level and i was way below it for many years myself, so i tried not to judge to hard and just help.


Anyways we get in my truck and everything seems chill. We're talking about how they have a 2 year old and i have 3 kids myself.  I get close to where they told me their truck was and i see a couple cop cars stopped at it checking it out with their lights on. The first thing these people say is "oh fuck, keep going!" 


I was a dumb kid once and had my share of run-ins with the law over doing stupid dumb kid stuff. I ask them what they got in the truck. The guy says they have a pit bull in the truck. Okay... I don't buy that for a second because there is nothing illegal about that in this town. It wasn't worth the way they were acting.


So I drive past their truck and immediately one of the cop cars start following and i'm telling these kids that we are gonna get pulled over and they beg me to tell the cops that's not their truck. I tell them I'm going to tell the cops exactly what happened of course because I don't know you people, sorry bout your luck.


Sure enough the lights come on for us to pull over so i stop my truck right there and kill it. This is where stuff gets a little crazy. Worth mentioning at this point I notice the guy shoving something under my seat. I assumed it was drugs.


I roll down my windows as the officer is getting out of his car and i hear the very distinct sound of a round being chambered in a weapon. The officer puts on his authoritative voice and tells everyone to show their hands. He then orders the driver (me) to get out of the truck and keep facing away from him with my hands in the air and slowly walk backwards till he says to stop. When he stops me he tells me to get on my knees. He asks me who's in the vehicle and what's going on.


I tell him straight up these kids knocked on my door, said they were stuck, then freaked when they saw the cops. He's very reasonable and professional. Tells me he's going to detain me until he gets this figured out. So he handcuffs me and sets me in the back of the squad car. I'm not freaking out or anything myself because i live a block away and it can be verified easily that I was just being a good samaritan.  


He then goes and gets the guy out of my truck, handcuffs him and puts him in the back of the car with me while he goes and gets the girl.  I turn and look at the guy and say "what the fuck man? I'm just trying to help someone out and ya'll got me handcuffed in the back of a cop's car with a rifle drawn on me."  

The kid was very apologetic to me and says he swears he don't know whats going on. I tell him no big deal, shit goes south sometimes and I know I'm in the clear. 


After the officer talks to the girl he cuffs her and puts her in the backseat after getting me out. He tells me they verified what i said and tells me that the truck that was stuck is stolen out of Kansas! He then asks me if i own a revolver and asks that if he goes and looks in my truck and finds a pistol that it definitely wouldn't be mine. I tell him no sir i only own rifles and they are locked up at home. He asks for permission to check in my truck and i give it to him. 


I kid you not he went right to where the guy was sitting looks under the seat and comes back with that pistol he asked about within 15 seconds. So not only did they ask for help with a stolen vehicle, this dude had a freaking fully loaded .38 special in his pocket too. 


The cop kids around with me a bit and says 'no good deed goes unpunished, huh?'. I give him my information and phone number in case he needs an official statement from me. He thanks me for cooperating and sends me home. That was all the information i got about those two though I'm sure they are going to the county jail for awhile.


I get home, open a beer and tell the wife about the exciting last thirty minutes of my life. She reacts accordingly and tells me I'm not allowed to help strangers in the middle of the night again. I finally get back to sleep for about two hours and now i'm sitting here typing this up in a sleep deprived and adrenaline fueled daze.

I know this got long and thanks to anyone that made it this far. I just thought the lovely people here would like to hear this and I'd love to hear your thoughts on the matter.



TL;DR
    Got woke up in the middle of the night. Thought i would help someone get their truck unstuck the way i have been helped before. Ended up getting an AR pointed at me, handcuffed and put in the back of a cop car for awhile. 
 
Edit* The response to this post has been amazing. The comments from both sides of the discussion on being a good samaritan have been truly thought provoking and you all have given me a lot to think about. You guys are awesome thanks for all your input. 

Also I'm trying very hard to reply to as many people as I can but in between kids soccer games and my own family and friends wanting every detail I'm falling behind. So if I miss someone I promise I have at least read every comment on here. 
.
My boy is doing hard things!
I am the parent of a gifted 9 year old boy (I think he gets it from his mom; I’m just a glorified wrench-turning monkey). Academics come easily to him, mathematics, language arts, you name it. He appears to be a gifted distance runner, as well. He’s caring and compassionate, goes out of his way to be helpful to everyone. I joke with my wife that he has to be the mailman’s kid, because he definitely doesn’t follow in his Dad’s footsteps. 

He is also quite sensitive; he’s never developed his father’s thick skin. Whenever something goes wrong around him, he apologizes and looks like someone ran over his puppy dog. We’ve had the “not everything that goes wrong around you is your fault, and there’s no need to apologize” talk, but it doesn’t seem to sink in. And like a lot of gifted children (I’m told), when something challenging comes up and he doesn’t immediately grasp it, he gets frustrated beyond belief, and often shuts down, often breaking into tears, as well. I’ve tried to coach him on this, and try to coax him through, with little result. 

But-

He went to his first Tae Kwon Do class this week. He’s been wanting to try martial arts, so I found him a class I could get him to that fits into our schedule. The class started with various agility drills, stretches, etc. Then, as they went into a series of punches and kicks that have to be demonstrated successfully before earning their first belt, it began to happen. The class moved through them quickly, and of course, it’s his very first class. He was struggling, and one of the instructors moved closer to him to try and teach him. Of course, he’s still not getting it. Throwing the wrong punches, stepping off on the wrong foot, etc. He began to get frustrated. First his face took on a pinched scowl, the began to turn scarlet, and then the tears came. The class continued to go through the movements, and he continued to flail and struggle. 

And he didn’t stop. He didn’t shut down. Just continued on with tears of frustration and anger. But he continued. He looked like a blooming idiot, if I’m being honest. But I started to tear up, because for perhaps the first time, my boy, instead of throwing up his hands and quitting, he worked through it. He didn’t get it, for sure. But he kept on working through it. I have never been prouder of anything more in my life, than I was watching my son doing hard things, failing, and persisting. 

He’s gonna get it right one day.  And he’s going to be amazing. 

Anyone else have kids in this situation? Where they tend to shut down when things get hard? How do you coach them through it?
.
I was having really bad day but then I got rid of a blackhead that had been bothering me for over a year
It's like everything today was designed to piss me off, but then I got home and this blackhead that had been painfully stuck in the edge of my bottom lip for over a god damn year finally just released. Holy s**t it made my day so much better. The satisfaction is unreal.

It's the small things.

Edit: This got weird.
.
Cat school
Found out my daughter thinks when the cat goes outside during the day that he's been attending cat school where he learns to catch lizards, learns to safely cross the street, and practices his meowing skills...

Thanks for the gold!
.
I just got an amazing job offer post divorce that will let me 100% support myself.
When I went through with my divorce several years ago, I gave up a lot of benefits, my ex was military, and instead of screwing him over I chose not to take half of his retirement, or any of our government savings. I have been supporting myself by doing what I love, teaching horseback riding lessons. 

Though money has been fine since the divorce, the fact that I have no benefits, no real long term savings plan, and no way to support myself if I’m injured has really been weighing on me. I have been out of the traditional workforce for nearly 15 years, and though I went to a great university, I dropped out to get married and move across the country before I finished my degree. 

On a whim I applied for a job that wildly out qualifies me, but I knew I could do well if given the chance... and I got the job!!! Unbelievably they are paying me even more than I expected, have great benefits, and are thrilled to have me. I am so proud of myself I could just burst, but hate to continually talk about it to all of my friends and family. 

I was so scared to go through with the divorce after 10 years knowing that I would be on my own, but here I am, thriving and happier than ever!! To anyone out there who is afraid of making big changes, I encourage you to make the jump. You got this.

**Edit: there has been some concern for the fact that I didn’t take everything I was due from my ex-spouse. I just want to say that in no way do I encourage others to follow my lead. Everyone’s situation is different and I had reasons why I made my choices. Military spouses are amazing and have to sacrifice so much. There is good reason that they are entitled to half of everything. If you need/want it - take the money and don’t feel a bit of remorse! I knew that my ex would need the money more than I would - but it did cause a lot of anxiety to walk away. 

Thanks everyone for the incredible show of support! 😊
.
I haven't thought about killing myself in over a year.
It struck me the other day. For the last 10 years since getting out of the Army I've thought of committing suicide every day. 24/7.

I attempted it three times. 

I tried to get help, I did the therapy, medication, counselling, Group stuff, etc. Nothing worked.

I cut out the poisonous people in my life. I found new people to share my life with. It took time, but finally. I woke up the other day, and it hit me. 

I haven't, once, thought about killing myself. I didn't even realize it, but I was trying to help others and stop them from doing the same. I was looking to the future, making plans, following dreams. And not just because they were on my bucket list and I was trying to check them off before... You know. 

I didn't know where else to post this, so I came here. Figured someone would like to know, it gets better. It just takes work. That doesn't always mean medication or support groups. Sometimes it just takes time. 

That's what worked for me, at least. There is no one way that works for everybody. 

Don't give up hope.

TL; DR - I'm in a better place. I have people that care about me, and I care about them. It just took time to work through it. 

Edit: Thank you all for all the kind words, and insight. I hope you find that little piece of happiness you're all looking for in life. 

And to who ever gilded me, I thank you as well. You're awesome, keep it up! Made my day, I just hope you're having a great day as well. 
.
Today is the 90th day I have gone without one fucking drink!
Pretty cool, I had a serious problem for quite sometime. Its been a rough 90 days but it doesn't compare to all the rough days that alcohol addiction gave me. A new life has ben born!

EDIT: Woke up to tons of supportive comments and a thank you to the someone gave me gold! You all rock!
.
Today I overheard two women conversing on the subway. At one point, one of them legit turned to her friend (whose name was Becky) and exclaimed "Oh my God, Becky!" and it literally made my day.
They were two white ladies in their early twenties. I'm not even sure whether they know the song or not. As soon as I heard it, I let out a chuckle but I don't think they thought it was directed at them because I was staring at my phone. The song has been stuck in my head since then, and I can't help but smile when I think about it. Kudos to you, ladies!
.
So, a little mouse just came in my bathroom and asked me to open the door so he could go outside.
So, it's morning here.  I'm sitting in the bathroom like normal, and lo and behold, this tiny little gray field mouse comes skittering across the floor toward me.  (Eek!)  He just stops in the middle of the floor and kinda looks at me and then heads back out into my apartment.

I get done in the bathroom and I go out into the living room, and there he is... Just sitting on the little patch of tile I have inside my front door.  I go over and I open the door for him and he heads back outside.  I guess he's off to do whatever mice like to do early on Saturday morning.  Maybe get a bagel and a latte?  I have no idea.

Anyway, I thought it was an interesting way to start the day.
.
Asking out my crush in about an hour, wish me luck
This has been a long time coming but I am finally gonna muster all the courage I can and ask out my crush on a date. Also putting this down makes me feel obligated so I don't chicken out

Edit: after 2 years, 8 rejections and lots of anxiety, I have a date with a pretty girl. I'm on top of the world right now guys. 

Edit 2: thanks for all your kind words. If you're afraid of saying how you feel to someone, remember it only has to work once. We will fall many times on the road to success but those who never give up reach their destination.

Edit 3: Gold? Aww you shouldn't have. Thanks whoever you are! I'll pay it forward.
.
I have an anti vax dad and a slightly vaccine hesitant mom and am finally planning to get the shots I missed
Growing up, I have an anti vax dad and a vaccine hesitant mom (she’s better than dad but isn’t quite totally on board with them). I only got the bare minimum vaccinations and am missing a few shots (such as I never got some booster shots and never got shots for a few diseases). So now that I’ve been away at college on my own I’m finally able to get vaccinated on my own! So I plan to make a doctor’s appointment soon to go get them! Hooray!
.
My friend is homeless for few days and she's staying at my place. I just came from work and saw in the kitchen that she made me a dinner. I want to cry from happiness!
Last time somebody made me dinner out of nowhere was like 4 years ago and it was my ex-gf who loved cooking. 

It feels so nice to come back to apartment and see dinner ready. I'm gonna devour that chicken with rice with a joy I didn't think was possible.
.
My boyfriend doesn't have cancer!
I don't know if this is the right place to post this but I'm so happy that I could cry.

For months we've been told that my boyfriend of 3 years most likely had lymphoma due to issues in his lymph nodes. We were prepared to lose him.

We got a call today saying it's not cancer, it's just a really bad infection that's been lying dormant. It can be fixed with strong antibiotics. He's going to be fine. 

I spent so much time worrying, crying, and praying for him. I've stressed myself out to the max wondering what we were doing to do. And now it's alright. Everything is okay.

He's okay.

I believe in a higher power and I truly feel as if my prayers were answered. 

I don't really know what else to say, I'm just so happy right.

what good news have you gotten recently? What's made you happy today?


Edit: it's okay if you don't believe in God or any higher power, but don't bash me for saying that I do. I've had a couple rude comments about my beliefs and I don't appreciate it. Thanks. 
.
No smoking for almost a month
I've wanted to quit smoking for a while now. I tried quitting cold turkey, tried lowering the number of cigarettes by one every two days etc. Nothing worked. Had a vacation recently and I went home. My city is really small. So if I smoke there someone I know would likely see and possibly tell my parents. To avoid disappointing my parents I don't smoke when I'm home. So one week later I come back. There's still a force trying to pull me to the store to get my daily hit. Except today the force is weak. I try not smoking and somehow I make it through the day. A few days go by and I have somehow not smoked in 24 days. I wasn't planning to quit smoking this time around and in fact I didn't even try. But now that I have a chance, I'm not gonna smoke ever again. I really wanted to tell someone so here you go guys.
.
Gone to University at 27 and I just got an A for my first essay!
So I have been working since I finished high school, years of working in restaurants and bars has beaten down my self confidence but I have wanted to be an early childhood educator for many years.

After so long of not knowing or feeling that I'm good enough, I have completed 4 assignments and am currently sitting on 3 A grades and 1 B. The very first essay I did was the one I was most nervous for because I overthink my writing and how it sounds etc. Getting that A and having that validation that I am in fact smart and capable means so much to me. I know I can do this. 

This is super cheesey, I'm just very proud of how far I've come and anyone thinking about going to Uni to follow their passion should just do it. You got this!
.
I’m 34 - my daughter is about to turn 15, I feed two kids on $75 a week and I just got into grad school!
I am so terrified and so excited.  I was such a mess for so long.  I had my daughter at 19.  Pregnant again at 22.  Married the guy.  He was a nightmare.  But i tried to stick it out.  Finally left him and moved on with life.

Made it through college and started teaching 11 years ago.  Got married again.  And back in November he left.  Now here I am - alone with my two kids and four pets.  Struggling hard as hell to make ends meet.  But I found an online masters program that would result in me making an extra 10k a year.

AND I JUST GOT IN.

It’s gonna be a shitty, hungry, and exhausting two years, but I am so looking forward to eventually being able to breathe.

That’s all.  The kids and my parents are asleep so I can’t tell them.  So I’m telling internet strangers instead.


*Update - holy shit you all!  Thank you all.  This got crazy and long and I so much appreciate the encouragement and support and all that shit!  To the folks with negative things to say about the teenage babies - man - you are right.  It is a bad damn idea to have kids at 19.  It was tough to finish my Bachelors - but here I am.  And I know plenty of folks who had kids in their 30s and still didn't have their shit together and then ended up divorced/struggling/miserable.

Thanks for the love and I think I answered all the questions that have come up so far!!
.
It is insane when you think about how many times you trust strangers day to day.
When you walk onto a bus, train or plane, you are trusting someone you don't even know to take you somewhere, and do it safely. 

Ordering food means trusting the person making your food, and you eating it. 

Even just walking with strangers down busy streets while we are all in our own bubble, and trusting that everyone is on the same page of wanting to do the right thing. Even as we are aware that this isn't always the case. 
We trust each other so much that's it's like a silent agreement to keep the peace and to leave each other the fuck alone. 

EDIT: The comments so far have been the high point of my day. All of a sudden I have a soft spot for humanity. You are the chiefs. 

EDIT 2: Now I understand why everyone starts an edit with wow. I just woke up (time zones) to this great response. Every single comment hasn't gone unnoticed, incredibly interesting point of views. Now we can all be hyper aware of strangers together. 
.
I unsubscribed from all the main subreddits of this website - especially the news and politics subreddits - and the world is already a brighter place just a few days later
I stopped watching TV absolutely years ago, and buying newspapers too, but the problem with Reddit is that all of that corporate, proto-fascist, anti-immigrant, pro-capital rubbish is plastered all over this website, so I have been consuming it directly anyway.

I unsubscribed the other day, after waking up to yet another inbox full of shit from people who are sleepwalking through the world, believing that the BBC or CNN is telling them everything they ought to know about reality.

I'm never going back. I'm sticking to the lefty subs and the music theory subs, and practicing more guitar.

I urge you all to consider dumping the news trash from your feed. And have a lovely Wednesday!
.
I'm very drunk right now
And I want you all to know that I love and appreciate all of you.

You can do it! Whatever you've set your life goal as. You can fucking do it because I believe in you and you're fabulous.

My bridesmaid cancelled on me and I'm a little salty about it. So I drank a whole bottle of wine by myself.

The mods deleted my first post because there wasn't enough text. That's just rude.

Drunk me says what sober me thinks even though I mostly lurk. You CAN do it! You can be as good of a person as you want you be. You can do amazing things. I just graduated with my bachelors degree in what is arguably the hardest field to get your bachelors degree in.

It took me longer than most. I had so many odds working against me but I did it and I'm so proud. If I can do it, you definitely can. Even if no one believes in you, I do!

Edit: Some people wanted to know how I'm feeling the morning after. I have a slight headache, but that's about it. I drank a ton of water before bed

Edit 2: Thank you so much for all the positive comments! There's too many to reply to, but I'm reading them all as they come in. You are all wonderful people and it's nice to see the positive side of reddit!
.
Reddit can go from super wholesome to fucking toxic in no time!
As I have  seen a lot of  subs like r/gardening , r/ baking or r/aww seem so wholesome. It's almost a wholesomeness overload . People praising and replying with ':)' . Reddit also provides support and advice to victims. It is sometimes quirky and fun(r/teenagers, r/hydrohomies etc) . Overall a pretty nice place! 

On a flipside there is a debate sub for almost everything atheist vs religious people, men vs women, liberals vs conservatives.Racists, homophobes  and whatnot. People trying to almost fucking kill each other with their words. 

These two flip sides of reddit never fail to surprise me!
.
I just had one of those moments in life where everything seems perfect and I am completely happy
This morning I was nudged out of a deep sleep to realize that my husband (who always gets up earlier than me) had delayed getting out of bed in order to move over and gently hug me for a few minutes.  He obviously didn't intend for me to wake up, and as I lay there with two cats sleeping on top of me and being cuddled by the man I love while having the opportunity to sleep in on a Sunday, I was almost overwhelmed with how happy I was.  My username seems non-ironically appropriate today.  
.
When I die it would be cool to see the stats of my life e.g. number of cars passed on the road, number of people I've ever seen, etc.
Has anyone else got any stats which they think would be cool to know, but it's impossible/impractical to actually gather the data?
.
Today I officially finished college and became a Registered Nurse!
After 3 years of college, total of 2400 hours of clinical practice, 87 exams, mini exams, I officially finished college and became a fully competent Registered Nurse! 

The realization that I won't have to learn boring subjects I'm not interested in, that I won't have to wreck my nerves anymore with the writing of my diploma work is catching up with me, as the sudden shock after the defence of my diploma work is subsiding. I never though I would get this far when I was accepted into college, but I am immensely ecstatic about the fact that it's finally over! 

This weekend is going to be one of the best ones in my life. What a day it was!
.
I just made the best burger of my life.
I know none of my friends would care, so I'm not going to tell them, but I have just made the best burger I've ever had. 

I just thought I'd like to share it here and recommend that if you like beef and like burgers, try to make smashburgers as they are quick and easy to make and tasty.
.
Does anyone ever felt like going outside but you don't have anywhere to go or nothing to do so you just stay inside boring all day?
I don't have many friends and with the ones that I have we don't usually hang out outside of school. So now school is over and I'm stuck in my room. I want to go outside but at the same time  I don't know where to go or what to do once I'm out. I'm also really anxious around people I don't know so going to places by myself makes me really nervous
.
If you feel good right now, (i.e. not sick, not injured, not clogged in any way, no aches, no anything) take a moment to enjoy it!
Some common things to appreciate not having: stuffy nose, runny nose, stomach ache, head ache, cold sore, tooth ache, hang nail, pimple, paper cut, sunburn, sprained ankle/wrist/etc., pulled muscle, and neck/back pain.

All of these things when you have them you wonder what it feels like not having them so think about for a moment what it feel like. I'm sure there's more! Let's discuss!
.
A girl at work that I never talk to sat next to me with donuts and offered me one
So I took off my headset and said thank you and took a bite of one. Then I realized she didn't offer me a donut at all, and I just randomly stole one of her donuts. Is there any recovery from this or do I just stop showing up to work now?

edit: I should probably finish the story.

Turned out she just stopped by to talk to her friend. She then talked to her friend that she came over to see while I quietly ate my donut next to them for the next 10 minutes. I did not enjoy that donut
.
Today I have my second interview for a well-paying job that will CHANGE THE GAME for me if all goes well. Here goes nothin'
The [first interview](https://www.reddit.com/r/internetparents/comments/ah1wx9/group_interview_tomorrow_for_a_wellpaying_job_i/?st=JRAV452E&sh=09930f91) was a group-thing with about 20 others. From this group they said they were going to callback ~10 people, and from those 10, hire ~5. I left feeling *very* confident that I was going to get a callback and the job.

Well, I got the callback and today's the 2nd interview. I'm nervous but hopeful!! This job would bring me a lot of opportunities and a chance to get back on my feet after a rough year in 2018.

Wish me luck, guys!

Edit: YOU GUYS! My heart is so full! Thank you thank you thank you for the well-wishes!! At this point, even if I don't get the job, I'll have *all* the good luck to SNAG me one!!

Interview went well! Some personal stuff came up that I'm hoping will speak to my authenticity and determination, rather than perceived weakness/liability. 

I should know by the end of tomorrow! I will most certainly update everybody! Thanks again, everybody. I love people. ❤️

Edit 2:

Hey, everybody.

First, I wanna say thanks again for the ***love*** you all have shown me in the last day and a half. It is the one thing that makes this disappointment less heartbreaking. 

I did not get the job. I have spent all day waiting for the call which was supposed to reach me before 2:00 in the afternoon. Though I may be jumping the gun, it is 5-pm where I am, and I am pretty sure I did not get the job.

To say I am disappointed would be an understatement. My hopes were *way* up for this thing. In addition to my disappointment, I feel as though some of the personal stuff I shared in my interview (I recently received treatment for mood disorder and substance-abuse. I am no longer using, but it was not long ago.) was a contributing factor toward me not getting the job. My self-esteem took a blow for sure.

**Thank you all so much for your support and enthusiasm. It really does make the whole thing worth it.** Tonight I'm gonna be lazy, maybe deep-clean my bedroom at some point. Tomorrow, my ass is gonna be back at it again. I have what it takes to snag myself a job as "game-changing" as the one I missed–if not *better*!

I will keep my phone on and nearby in case something comes up (or else I misunderstood). I plan to write an email to thank the interviewer/s for their time. 

# But most of all, Thank you, and much love! <3 
.
I just learned about grilled cheese sandwich combined with tomato soup! I have no idea how I lived without that before!
So as the title says I just learned about that combo! I'm from Germany and here (at least as far as I know) grilled cheese isn't a thing to begin with though tomato soup is. But a couple of days ago an American friend said to me he always eats grilled cheese with tomato soup and it's soooooooo great.




I'm sorry if this is the wrong subreddit for this but I just had to tell somebody! 
.
After 33 years, i feel like i'm finally happy and that the happiness doesn't have an "expiration date". I've quit drinking, fallen in love, cleaned up my life, and have $20 left in my bank account after bills got paid this weekend. I had no idea life could be this good!
To start, this isn't a pitch for anything--i didn't subscribe to a program or find some miracle drug.  i have some amazing friends and i was so lucky with how everything fell into place with me that i'm still a little bewildered.

The tl;dr is that i was a pretty hefty drunk for the last ten years.  lost a friend (hey--as an fyi i'm coping very well with this, i've grieved and feel very much at peace with this, it's not an open wound any longer), and realized that i'd made a life of nothingness and boredom for myself.  so i quit booze, and decided to fix myself a little bit.  really jumped into a super busy social schedule (pursuing new hobbies with my old friends, why not?), and BAM, here comes this cool chick who coulda walked out of a movie and straight into my life.  i'm still fixing myself, and working toward things i want for myself, but she's a little motivation to prioritize fixing myself so we can continue to have what we have.

i'm happy.  so crazy.
.
Hi Reddit. I just graduated for my Master's and don't really have anyone to share it with.
Hello. Last night, my thesis supervisor informed me I got the mark I had hoped for, which means I will graduate 'cum laude' (highest attainable honors in the Netherlands) for my Master's.

My girlfriend was of course very excited. But right now I'm in China and it doesn't seem very appropriate to share my excitement with the people here, many of whom I hardly know.

I was just very happy so I wanted to share it with you instead. Do you guys have any cool college/university stories that you could share?
.
People are so scared of making eye contact with strangers but I love it.
Today I had been in a subway car for a bit and the guy sitting across from me had been there for about the same time as me. He was clearly thinking to himself, I saw him shake his head a few times. I had been too, and once my thought trailed off I happened to look up in his direction and he happened to do the same. Usually people break eye contact with me pretty quickly, but this time we both held our gaze for a few seconds, realized what we were both doing, and then just gave each other the most genuine grins. We broke eye contact then but before he got off we smiled at each other and waved and he told me to take care as he left the train. I’ve always been one to make eye contact when I’m walking in the street or in the subway like that and most people I talk to about it think I’m crazy for doing that. But I live for moments like that, it sticks with me and makes everything feel more human, yknow?

I’ve been in a bit of a dark place this week and that small moment made my entire day so much better. Just wanted to share, much love to anyone who took the time to read this :)
.
Anyone else a loner and accept it?
I had a stupid childhood in a sense that at school my mom was considered a weirdo with bad social skills, so my classmates' parents would tell their kids not to talk to me. I ended up being the ugly girl with the weird mom. So because of all that, I was ignored and learned over time to accept being a loner, even though it's always given a bad rep. Today I'm gonna go get lunch by myself at a nice restaurant because dammit I wanna go and I literally have no friends in my hometown so fuck it. If I wanna to go a nice restaurant I don't wanna wait around for others because there's no one else to go with me. So I'm gonna go enjoy my delicious dinner in about half an hour or so and enjoy my own company.

&#x200B;

Are any of you loners? Have you accepted it?
.
I just got my first paycheck and I can somewhat breathe.
I’m 25 and I finally got a full time job.  I moved to a new city with my dog and really started this life on no money.  I’ve been running on $100 my mom gave me for 3 weeks. My credit cards had about $700 on them and I owe my dad $500.

This morning I saw an email I finally got paid, even though I started my job 2 weeks ago. Some people told me I wouldn’t get paid for 4 weeks. 

I just saw the deposit and I felt this huge burden come off my shoulders.  I paid off my credit cards immediately.

I’m still feeling a little survival-mode because it’s only my first paycheck and I’m scared I’ll run out before my next one... but damn.   
.
I got the weirdest internship
Long story short, I'm 24 turning 25, and I've been on sick leave for little over 4 years due to mental health issues. Late last year, I was admitted into a program to get me an internship to get used to work. 

My background is in social science and music. I got a base education in psychology and sociopsychology, and I've held positions as therapeutic assistant on daycare centres for people with disabilities, I've been a store assistant, and most recently, a Librarian at a local newspaper. 

I've been spending my overwhelming ammount of free time playing games. Board games and tabletop RPGs, primarily. I saw that a small LFGS (Local Friendly Game Shop) opened in time, so I sent them an email saying "hey, I work for free". 

They took me up on the offer. We had a meeting discussing my experiences and qualifications, and what the store needed. They came and said what they really need is someone who can be social and play games with costumers and visitors. They've been missing having an in-house game master, so they asked me if I'd ve interested. 

So, starting tomorrow, I'll basically be a professional board gamer. It's so weird, because this is what I used to do as a teenager instead of doing my homework or applying for summer jobs. So while they can't hire me full time, having this internship makes me eligible for wellfare checks, and earns me a little more from that check than I did when I was sick without an activity. It's surreal, but nice to see my experiences are paying off somehow.
.
Reddit in general, I love you guys.
I'm honestly a sorta lonely 27 year old dude. I live in a tiny terrible studio apartment, but despite that description I am quite comfy in my little 'cave' it's cozy and I feel safe and am happy. It's got enough room that I was able to adopt a wee puppy dog, who I love. Her name is ViVi.


Anyway. I'm rambling.


I haven't been able to make any lasting friendships or connections. I wouldn't say there is anything wrong me, I just haven't found the people who both have the time, and want to invest it in social time with me. It's no one's fault, so I'm not bitter. Just a bit sad.


 And I come on here, and I can talk about all my favourite things, I've been to the front a few times and felt flattered and validated.


I can browse the front page and be informed about the world in a way that feels like I'm talking to friends around a table. Rather than researching it all on my own.


I love you guys, and when things get better for me, I'll still love you. ♥️


What's a niche subreddit you all enjoy?

 I love /r/Vaporwaveaesthetic

I don't even enjoy vaporwave music that much but I love the A E S T H E T I C.

Though some dudes are weirdly gate keepy there.

If you dig pokemon, find the "Vapeoreon" post. Should still be near the front. 
.
I’m about 1 year clean from self harm.
I never thought I’d get this far. The urges are still there, they probably always will be, but I put the knife away permanently. I don’t belong to those who’ve hurt me. 
Coincidentally, I haven’t spoken to my mother in a year. 
.
I just had a thought: when people insult themselves, "I'm so ugly.", instead of arguing with them "no you're not!", try "I wish you'd be kinder to yourself."
I wonder what the room thinks of this? It's still kind of condescending, but it's not a direct argument that will end up in a back and forth about how ugly the subject is. 
.
The sequel to Now You See Me wasn't called Now You Don't.
I've been dissapointed about this every since it came out. Can't shake it. I guess they might have chosen to call it Now You See Me 2 so people would be sure it's a sequel to the first one, but it just seems like such a missed opportunity.
.
I was finally able to use something in real life that I learned on Reddit
Was getting something out of the fridge when my hand knocked a glass jar, almost full of this Thai sauce I had just bought. The glass exploded everywhere when it hit the ground.

Then I remembered the tip I read a couple of weeks before that said to use your phone's flashlight and shine it across the floor. So I did and it worked perfectly. Even the smallest pieces of glass I wouldn't have seen otherwise gave off a big shadow so I could find them.

It was still an arduous process, but it was nice knowing I got every single piece instead of missing any
.
I went on a trip with some online friends and it was the best experience of my life
I don't know if this posts fits on this subreddit or if it's even coherent, but whatever! 

I've been a part of this gaming group of friends for years now and we decided to have a 10 day trip in a foreign country together after knowing each other for a long time. I just got home yesterday and I'm a changed man.

I've seen online friends before, many times actually, probably over 10 different people in total and have enjoyed it every time. However, this time was so, so special.

We drove cars in beautiful scenery, sang together, drank together, hiked together, massaged each other, hugged, cuddled and had long conversations about anything and everything. I have no friends in real life so I've never really had good friendships, ever, but now I feel like I've just bonded with these people on a level that I could not have thought possible. I went from a depressed, antisocial person who dislikes touch to a loving cheerful person who wants all the hugs in little over a week and I just feel so loved. I had no clue friends like these are real, I had no clue it could happen to me.

I want to change my life, I want to do things and have a purpose, and it's all thanks to my best friends <3

We're already planning our next trip, can't wait for it.


.
Wanted to surprise my boyfriend after work…
…by buying bubble tea for both of us, but I came home to find that he also had the same idea and already got some to surprise me. It's the small things that make me happy. :)
.
Do you like music in languages you don't understand?
I listen to A LOT of music in different languages, and some of it I don't understand, like Turkish and French. I also listen to German music which I understand for the most part, and I listen to Russian music which is my native language so its ezpz.

My boyfriend haaaaates listening to music that's not in English. He just doesn't enjoy it if he can't understand it. For me, it just depends so much on the music and the voice of the singer, that I don't have to understand the words to like it. If it pleases my ears, I like it! I don't understand how he doesn't enjoy it at all.

Do you enjoy listening to music that's not in a language that you speak? Why or why not? 
.
I'm extremely happy with my 9–5 job.
I'm right out of high school, and I feel like an adult who has their shit together. I get up at 4:30 each morning for my shift working at the gym, work out, shower and get dressed up at the gym, bus over to the office, and get started on my 9–5 work (long-term remunerated PR internship). At the end of the day, I go to either the hospital to volunteer or to my students' houses to teach violin, and on the weekends I pick up extra shifts at the gym. It makes for at least a 60 hour work week, but I'm really content here.

Upon graduating high school, I chose not to accept financial help from my parents during university because I want my relationship with them to be on my own terms. (In other words, I don't want them to have leverage against me when I come out and leave the church). Because my dream is to go into medicine, I'm taking a gap year to save a goal of $20 000 to pay off student loans once the interest period starts during my residency. If during residency, my parents offer to help me financially, I may change my decision, but taking a year to work is sort of an insurance policy for me.

My friends describe me as a chronic optimist, and I'd have to agree. Where my optimism comes from, I have no clue... but I don't know where I'd be without it.
.
Does anyone else feel like they have different groups of friends and you would be too embarrassed to have them interact with each other?
I feel like I'm constantly pulled in different directions with different groups of friends and family. I have a pretty strong obligation to my family and I genuinely enjoy hanging out with them, I consider my brothers and father some of my best friends. Then I have a group of friends that I'm super nerdy with and love to talk about nothing more than video games, sci-fi, and geek stuff. I also have those friends who are into sports, Etc ad nauseam.

 I'm not trying to Humble brag and I'm a little embarrassed to even post this because talk about a first world problem... but does anyone else feel like they can't let their friends overlap or interact with each other? if so, is it something I should even worry about or just continue keeping them all in separate circles? Or the opposite should I try to introduce them and hang out all as one.
.
Isn’t it weird how if you know someone’s username, you can basically summon them from across the internet?
Just stop and think about it. Millions of people. You don’t personally know them, but if you type u/ and then their username there is a good chance that they’ll get notified and race across the internet to respond.

That thought just came to me. Reddit’s cool, man.
.
Stood up for a girl on the train
Happened 2 days ago now.

Im on the train going home from work. There is a girl down the carriage from me, sitting in the corner. A few stops down, everyone around her has gotten off. Another couple of stops, and three guys get on the train, two of them obviously very intoxicated, one of them appearing fine. They are already in the girl's personal space - walking right in front of her and sitting all around her. She tries to ignore it, but it is very obvious she is uncomfortable. I am not the only one to notice this. I can see everyone else on the carriage looking with me in the girls direction.

The guys start talking to her.... Asking her name, and some weird stuff like does she like curry (idk why curry is a big deal to these guys). Out of the three guys: one is not really talking to her and awkwardly watching his friends, one is leaning towards her and trying to make a move, the other is cheering on his mate. She answers their questions and tries to sell that she's not interested by; from my opinion - Not making eye contact, one word answers, not taking headphones off, concentrating on her phone. The male leaning toward her suddenly gets up from his seat and stands directly in front of her, within 5ft.

I am already up from my seat as my stop is coming up. I see this and address it straight away by telling the guy to "leave the girl alone, she just wants to go home, she's obviously uncomfortable", etc. He turns around and a argument starts. I stick to my points, but of course he's not having any of it and is getting more aggressive. One of his mates has chipped in and told me to mind my own business. The other is not saying anything.

Seeing that they are all now focussed on me - I tell the girl that she can get up and move, which she does immediately and moves to the next carriage. I now do my best to defuse what I have started, as there is no point to continue to argue. At the same time I arrive at my stop and Transit Officers are at the door.

I, and another guy who was watching, tell the officers what has happened. The officers hop on the train as I hop off. I can hear the officers already addressing that the three men are intoxicated. I watch from the platform where the one male I began to argue with is appearing to show regret/remorse. I hopped on my bicycle and practically teleported home as my mind was racing.

I told my SO when I got home and she told me well done, and that most guys wouldn't do anything until it was too late. I'm glad I did something.

&#x200B;

Edit: So this blew the fuck up. Thank you everyone for your support.  Ill try not to toot my own horn but will add some more context

\- I actually work in a hospital as in-house security, so in a sense I'm sort of used to dealing with confrontation.

\-  I had a lot of space between me and the three guys, so my plan was to back up and hit the emergency driver contact, should it have escalated. I also had my bicycle with me and would have used that to get more distance. The key is making space. Don't let someone get close enough to hit you for the sake of standing your ground or trying to appear tough.

\- This in particular was a personal success for me. Growing up, I always froze up or just watched, so it was nice that my experience with work helped me to speak up.

\- I will also say most people don't know what to do when confronted with stuff like this. Even as the victim, the most obvious solution might seem impossible. It's not easy.

\- And yes, I would have helped if it was a guy, makes no difference.
.
Alright, I'm going to drink only water every day for this next week. Wish me luck! Extra details in the post.
DISCLAIMER: Only water as in the only beverage i drink is water. I have food, too. I apologize for the people who have fasted because of me, stop fasting and get yourself a burger or something please

Edit10: It's Sunday! I'm super busy tonight so i found a time window right about now earlier in the evening. Overall yes i can attest to the changes ive described even just a little bit. I am more focused, more ready *to* focus, more confident, less slouchy/lazy, and most of all, my view on drinks has been changed; *TO ME*, any other drink thats not water is just water with other unneeded stuff in it. I feel super healthy making healthier choices and stuff. I know i can always get water, its free. I save money in the process! Have a good one yall!

I will provide an update at this same time, around 11PM, this upcoming sunday. Maybe in the middle of the week on Wednesday, too in the afternoon.

Edit9, because I wanted to delete the other edits: How's it going everyone! Today is Wednesday! Bad news, caved on tuesday for a small cup of coffee in the morning; headaches got to me. Other than that i had just straight water. No more coffee this week, no matter how many headaches i get! And don't worry, this morning i skipped the ole' Joe. (At everyone's own discretion, you don't have to have the headaches for me if you don't want to/feel like it, but if you feel confidently you can do it then of course you're welcome, bear with me, you know what i mean and good luck if you choose to do so! :) ) In the case of simply water consumption, so far I'm feeling admittedly better than I was on Monday. My skin hasn't really changed to any degree that I myself notice, so still checking out how it might change. Basically I poop more often, am more focused in general and more productive too, and feel slightly more confident than I do when I stuff myself with other liquids and stuff. Think about it: Humans were designed to drink water, and I've been skimming over this fact for a long time. Skipping dessert is easy when I think about how bloated I will feel if I eat it. Being addicted hampers progress early in the day because your brain says "I can only be happy/productive/awake *if* i get the coffee". With water, you can have 2 glasses and be good for the morning if you're not too thirsty after that. I tended more towards seeking out work, not the time afterwards when there's no work, if that makes sense, due to the water making me feel refreshed and ready to be productive. Knocking the coffee out of my mornings, albeit difficult (and since i love coffee lol), is a worthwhile thing to do. The headaches are continuing for sure, (this is the first time I've ever had a caffeine headache in my life so no wonder i felt strange starting off with this) but it won't deter me! It's been hard, though, not gonna lie. *But i know it'll be worth it.* Thanks again everyone, hope y'all have the best of luck!

Thanks again everyone for all the well wishes! See you all on the other side of this great wall of water! :}
.
My husband is a sleep talker
It's usually just nonsense but occasionally he will tell the full story. On rare occasions, he will even respond to me as if I am part of the dream. It's quite hilarious. He's had the past couple of days off work and took the opportunity to enjoy some wine we had. He ended up getting very tipsy and his sleep talking started up while he was awake. He told me a story that I feel like the world, or at least whoever reads this post, needs to know. This will be presented exactly as my husband said it, as closely as I can remember. I now present to you, the Lonely Aquaman:

&#x200B;

So, there was an aquaman, right? He was really lonely. Like, really lonely. He was super hot. Big, man areolas and a hairy chest. He didn't wear a shirt. He did wear pants though. But he had a big arrow pointing to his dong. He had a trident but it was three dicks. He was so lonely so he went to the fortune teller. She was real sad. She said, "You'll meet your true love. Soon." He met this girl. She had red hair and it just flapped. They were underwater and it just flapped around her face like a spiderweb. It didn't look very good. He said, "Hey" and she said, "Hey, how are you." "I'm good. Do you want to hold hands?" and she was like, "Yeah." So they held hands. He said, "If this is love..." and he leaned in real close. Their noses were touching, "then I don't want it." HEEEYAHHHH! And he spin kicked that bitch out of the ocean. Cause she was trying to steal his gold.

&#x200B;

I hope you enjoyed it as much as I did.

&#x200B;

Edit: My husband is a little embarrassed by the attention. Especially considering he does not remember telling the story.
.
I got a job I accidentally interviewed for.
I accidentally interviewed for an audio and light technician job when going in for a marketing job interview. I didn’t find out until the end of the interview that I was interviewing for the audio and light technician job. Despite this, I still got the job somehow.


I start training in 2 weeks and I’m super hyped.
.
I'm afraid I'm a boring person.
Hello everyone!
I'm an introverted girl, and my problem is that I'm very quiet even when I'm with my best friend. She's talkative and I'm a good listener, so we rarely find a problem when we're together. And I do my very best to talk a little bit, but I can't find many things to say. Sometimes, when she runs out of things to say, I can feel an awkward silence weighing down on us, and it annoys me. I'm afraid I'm a boring person, because even with my best friend I can't talk and keep the conversation going.. Can you help me please? How can I stop being a boring person with my best friend?
Thank you for your help!
.
It's 2019, I'm 35 yo and I'm watching The Princess Bride for the first time.
As I understand, it's kind of a classic among American kids from the 80s.  
We had The Goonies in Europe, we loved Stand by Me, Willow was popular, but The princess bride never made it big, I guess television station never bought the rights or something.   

Of course I recognize practically every actor, and I'm excited to discover this piece of popculture history and what it's all about.
.
My experience at the cinema
Went to the cinema and I sat down and a few minutes later a group of dudes came in and one of them was like "hey let's sit up the back so people don't have to look over us" I'm still a short teen so I can't stress just how much I appreciated this dude I wanted to thank him after the movie but I'm socially awkward so I just left.


Anyway just wanted to share. It's the little things that count right?
.
To the dude in GameStop, you are amazing.
Went to GameStop for Black Friday cause UFC was on sale. Went in and go to the sales shelf, a guy had taken the last copy. I was like "Damn, that sucks" he looks over and hands it to me and smiles. He says "I think she already has this one anyways", dude you are an absolute amazing person. I know you probably won't see this but, thanks man. Hope you and your family have an amazing Christmas! :)
.
Overheard One of My Students Talk About How Much He Appreciates Me
Teaching is the only thing I’ve ever wanted to do, and while I love my students, this job is exhausting. I’m always planning lessons, making the materials for the lessons, grading homework and papers and other assignments. Almost all my waking moments are spent exerting energy towards my job and my students, and I walk into my classrooms every single day not knowing if any of it’s going to matter.

Today, I overheard one of my students express his appreciation for me. His tone was so sincere and enthusiastic, and it caught me off guard. My coworkers always mention how teaching is a thankless job, and it’s hard to not feel unappreciated when you spend so much time doing things for your kids when they don’t pay attention, blow off your assignments, sleep in class, talk over you, and such. 

It’s just nice to know that, at least for one student, what I’m doing means something to him. 

EDIT: I just want to say thank you to everyone who has commented. I didn’t think this post would be seen by so many of you, and I definitely didn’t think this post would get so many responses. 

I want to especially thank all of you for sharing your experiences with your former teachers. It’s so heartwarming to read about the educators who inspired you, but it’s even more special to know that they’re still in your hearts after all this time. We remember how you guys made us feel, too.
.
I find it interesting how on reddit, where everything is anonymous, people tend to be much more polite, well spoken, and decent than on social media such as facebook or instagram, where all of your personal information is shared with everyone.
Aside from some glaring exceptions, of course (looking at you, r/politics), people tend to be pretty decent here - especially in subs that are specific to a particular subject. When having a discussion on facebook in a similar group, at least in my experience, you find a lot more toxicity. 

Maybe it's just the karma system that is keeping people decent, but it sure seems like people would be more careful on social media where your name is on the line.
.
Queens GIANT hit "Bohemian Rhapsody" came out in 1977 and to this day is considered a banger. I wonder what current song will be still getting played in 41 years time that gets everyone as excited as Bohemian Rhapsody.
Not a huge fan of the majority of music that is coming out now days and seems to be the new "biggest hit". Just thinking, I cannot actually think of 1 song that is current and will have the same sort of reaction when it is played in 41 years time like Bohemian does! 
.
Finally got a job after 8 months of unemployment!

I've been applying everywhere like crazy. Cant even remember how many interviews I've been to. 

I used to work in home health care for special needs people, and it was the absolute worst. People say it's just so rewarding. Fuck no it's not. That shit is so mentally and physically draining. Compassion burnout is real. The pay sucks and the hours are worse. You're nothing but a warm body, and lucky to get a co-worker more competent than the client. I quit right after my 20th birthday. Even if I interviewed well, it's like a black mark on my resume. I refused to go back into anything like it. 

Now I'm about to make double what I did there, and I can start tuition reimbursement in about a year. So glad the job search is over. 

Edit: Thanks for the kind words everyone! And for my first ever gold! 

My new job will just be warehouse work driving a forklift, but it pays almost double what I used to make, and it's with a very good company. 
.
Anyone need advice from an old man?
I've finally got my own life dialed in. I retired last year (at 54). I have no debt, no bills, and nothing but time. I should also add that I have a diverse background and a 1/2 century of experience. How can I help? 
.
Anyone else feel extremely nervous while posting on Reddit?
I lose my shit when I'm trying to post something. I end up putting way too much effort into the title, the post and everything else because I am afraid that people might downvote me and disagree. Ok, putting it this way sounds stupid but I think you guys get what I mean?

What a time to be alive. I'm scared because of the darn internet 
.
Did anyone else stalk Reddit for a few years before making an account?
I was a Reddit stalker for what feels like a long time before I decided to make an account.  I guess I was afraid to make posts/comments or something since I have social anxiety.  I still have social anxiety mostly in public, but, I feel like I can almost talk freely like a normal person online now. And having positive interactions on here makes me happy now.  It is a weird feeling for me lol.  
.
I heard the most ridiculous pickup line today and yet I haven't stopped laughing for five minutes.
It's this:

Are you a whale?

Cause we can hump back at my place.

Look, I'm not a native English speaker and I've never heard this before. I can't. I'm still so delighted and keep snorting every five seconds.

What's your favourite cheesy pickup line that you've heard or use? And did it work?

(Also. Humpback... whale... What is that name... the joke took me so long to understand because I didn't know the animal name... now I'm dying and loving it.)
.
As a guy, I realized that as you reach your late 20s, life can get lonelier if you do not have a girlfriend or pets
It is kind of a sad realization; most of your friends would either be busy with work on weekdays, and with their girlfriend or wife on weekends, and you don't get to hang out with them that much. It makes you feel alone and lonely. 
Anyone else felt something like this?

EDIT: Slept on it last night, and was amazed to see all the responses. Would be a bit mean to say, but am glad that I am not the only one who feels this is true. 
Some key takeaways that I got from the comments below-

1. Majority of the people feel lonely in this age range (give or take 5), but they tend to do something about it or else loneliness really gets to their mind

2. Almost everyone suggested to get a 'hobby'. Now I have heard this A LOT, but I really did not know where or how to start (until now). One of the comments that I found helpful in this regard was "get three kind of hobbies - one which is for yourself and only serves as your outlet (sketching, gym, etc.), one which helps you meets people, and one which gives some sort of secondary income (however small)". Now again, there might be some personal bias to the way I see it, but I just thought it would be nice to mention it.

3. For people who do not want to get a hobby (social interaction can be overwhelming at times), they usually try to stay inside and play video games. This came out as a common theme

4. Some also suggested volunteering, as it is peaceful, and you get to meet new people

5. Based on the comments below, can confirm that this happens with girls as well

6. A significant percentage of people are enjoying their time alone in their late 20s/early 30s. A common theme here is that "they get time to do things they want"

Some comments said that they are still in their late teens, and this post terrifies them. I am really sorry, but I did not intend to do that. You never know, life might turn out interesting for you as you age :)
Will keep on updating the list as I find more gems of wisdom! Thank you everyone for sharing :)
.
I didn’t get drunk last night, therefore am not nursing a hangover and I love it!
I’m awake at 8:00am with the only uncomfortable feeling of hunger. Im going to make bacon and eggs, a large pot of coffee, and sit my ass on the couch in search for a new series to start to binge. And maybe take a nap later. 

Who else is with me?! 

Edit: So far some recommendations are - You, Peaky Blinders, Mind hunters, Maniac, The Increasingly Poor Decisions of Todd Margaret, Perfume &amp;amp;amp;amp; Dark, A Series of Unfortunate Events, The Bodyguard, Travelers, Happy, Nailed it, ⁠Letterkenny, Legion, The Killing, Sinner, Lucifer, 2011 Hunter X Hunter, Punisher, Atypical, Castlevania, The Magicians, Babylon Berlin, The Haunting of Hill House, Arrested Devolpment, Boejack Horseman, Black Mirror, Grimm, Sherlock, Merlin, Lucifer, Carnivale, Burn Notice, Man in the High Castle 


Keep them coming! 

Also, this is my first post that is actually gaining some traction so I want to mention r/stopdrinking and r/sober to any curious individuals. 💜
.
After six months of frustating job hunt, I finally got a job!
And it's a great one. For the past months, I've seen my college schoolmates already working, and I couldn't help but feel sort of neglected, or even useless, when I couldn't find anything. Then last week I got two job offers! And I chose the better one, of course. Yesterday was my first day, and the workplace is great, I'm very satisfied with my decision. 

Just wanted to share this in case anyone is job hunting unsuccesfully, hang on! Keep looking, sell your work, and you'll do great!
.
I introduced an older relative to Reddit and I think they got lost in it somewhere because they no longer send me ten texts/im a day
I was having lunch with an older relative a few weeks ago. They are often complaining about lonliness and the lack of friends to spend time with. Since they are sweet and funny and have great stories I suggested a few online communities that might help.

Yesterday I had lunch again with them and they were intensely enthusiastic about Reddit. 

I suspect I've read a few of their postings because the stories have some familiarity.  

I'm glad they have found an outlet.

It's not just kids here, you guys!
.
I’m happy.
Hey guys, I got a 90 on my first ever essay in college. I graduated high school in 2013, went to the military and got out and decided to pursue an education, so I’m surprised I got a great grade. 

I’m not bragging, just super excited because I was shitting bricks worrying if it’ll be good enough. Haha. 

Thanks for reading. :) 
.
Playing guitar
I found my sister's old guitar today. I wondered if I was able to wrap my hand around the neck and I could! I have partial paralysis since a doctor twisted my neck whilst I was being born. I got lucky and had experimental surgery involving transplantation of nerves, I am free of metal pins. I am not able to twist my hand or move my shoulder in all the ways normal people can, but today I could play a bit of guitar! I wasn't able to years ago.

It sounds like garbage (lack of skill and the thing needs to be tuned) and I only learned two chords, but the fact that I would place the tips of my messed up limb on the strings without touching the others, was really special.

I am in pain right now though. All the mucles are tensed up from just practicing two simple chords... But it was worth it!

EDIT: Wow, you people are so adorable. This thread has so many good vibes. Stick around, there is a lot to learn from here!
.
I've been keeping a secret from my wife for years.
Within a month of my wife and I dating, I bought myself my first brand new car. It was a 2004 Subaru Forester, and I loved that thing. It had a unique body style, in that there was no frame over the windows (like [this](http://static.howstuffworks.com/gif/vehicle-pictures/2003/subaru/forester/1177-037-driver-side-door-open-480.jpg)). After I was done taking my now-wife for her first ride in it, she got out of the car, grabbed the top part of the glass, and shoved the door closed by the glass.

I was in shock- I wanted to tell her not to slam the door by the glass, but since we had just started dating, I didn't want to seem like a neurotic prick about my car. I had to think of a plan...

So the next day we went somewhere else. When we arrived at our destination, I stopped her from getting out. "No, no" I said. "Let me get the door for you." Boy, was she impressed. And I got the door for her the next time, and the next, and every other time for going on 12 years.

She has no idea that this display of chivalry was borne out of me not wanting her to fuck up the window of my brand new car.
.
I'm moving to Japan in 4 days!!
I recently got a job on a whim, teaching english in Japan. I've never been to Japan and haven't spoken fluently in years but I am so excited! I'm finishing packing and cleaning and haven't had a proper sleep in a week because I keep running lists in my head of what I need to do and what I'll do when I get there. Who else has had an exciting experience like this?

&#x200B;

EDIT: I want to say a huge thank you to everyone who has replied, you have made me even more excited for my big adventure. Your stories about loving the country and culture have been reassuring too! 
.
I lost a bet and don't mind at all
A buddy of mine and me decided we were sick and tired of our fat bodies. So at the end of october we made a deal. Whoever lost the most weight by december 31st would win almost a 100 euro's. So we went ahead and 9 weeks later we are now finished, and are celebrating new years eve together tonight. It will be a feast full of food and drinks. My buddy lost the most weight (18 kg) while I lost 12 kg. He is currently officialy not overweight anymore, and I'm getting there, just have to lose another 7-8 kg. All of my clothing fits again, and I am so happy I went and accepted this challenge. I did cave here and there, and decided to take a snack or 2, but my buddy stayed strong for the whole 9 weeks, and I gladly gave him my money today. He went ahead and bought an expansive bottle of whiskey to celebrate. Losing weight together is the best motivator I've come across yet.

&#x200B;

Happy new year everybody!

Edit: woohoo, first Reddit Silver ever! Thank you stranger, what a good way to start 2019.
.
YouTube Red =|= RedTube
I was telling my coworker what YouTube Red was,  I don't subscribe to it,  but she (60s F) heard someone mention it and she always asks me about tech and pop culture stuff.  I explained it was a paid service that allows you to watch content sans advertisements and that it has exclusive content as well as other perks. 

She told me she might check it out. 

This morning she came to me and asked if I was messing with her,  because "That red tube thing is an adult website"

After laughing my ass off,  I found out she typed redtube.com so it didn't even search,  it just went straight there. I showed her YTR on my computer and she was mortified. 

This isn't the first time (although it's the best) something like this has happened with an older coworker of mine and technology. Share your stories
.
Uh, is it just me or is Reddit imploding all of a sudden?
Edit: Guys/gals, I'm gonna have to call it quits at this point in terms of updating this thread with news. Its 3am here in Britain and I'm developing a minor headache so need to go to sleep xD I don't know if mods can take over this thread and update it instead, if they want to/can do that I invite them to do so. The best place to get information on this right now is the [summary on /r/OutOfTheLoop](https://www.reddit.com/r/OutOfTheLoop/comments/3bxduw/why_was_riama_along_with_a_number_of_other_large/) and the [live coverage going on right now](https://np.reddit.com/live/v6d0vi6c8veb). Goodnight everyone!

--------------------------------------------------------------------

So, as of right now, starting with /r/IAmA, multiple default subreddits including /r/science and /r/movies have gone private. The widely publicised reason is that the person who handled all IAmA's on multiple subreddits, Victoria, was fired by Reddit with no warning whatsoever to the mods.

I've decided to post here because I kinda don't know where else to discuss this :S What on earth is going on? I'm afraid this has a very serious possibility of causing Reddit as we know it to collapse in on itself and we'll all have to emigrate to another website :(

Edit: Welp, this thread just turned into a megathread. I suddenly feel somewhat exposed. o_o Since I feel like I have some responsibility to make this look at least somewhat presentable...

EDIT: I'm afraid I'm getting rather overwhelmed here guys/gals. I'll keep updating the default subreddit list, but please expect the non-default list to not be up-to-date. Subreddits are shutting down left right and centre!

**Current list of default subreddits that have turned private includes:**

/r/IAmA 

/r/science 

/r/movies 

/r/gaming

/r/Askreddit

/r/Art

/r/history 

/r/listentothis has restricted submissions, although it hasn't shut down completely.

/r/videos

/r/gadgets 

/r/Music 

/r/books 

**Current list of non-default subreddits that have turned private includes:**

/r/circlejerk

/r/CrappyDesign 

/r/law

/r/spain 

/r/eatcheapandhealthy

/r/4chan

/r/fallout

Please let me know if you've noticed other subreddits that have gone dark and I'll add them to the list!

/r/OutOfTheLoop has a great summary megathread if you're confused about what the hell is going on, which [can be found here](https://www.reddit.com/r/OutOfTheLoop/comments/3bxduw/why_was_riama_along_with_a_number_of_other_large/), and live coverage of The Darkening/AMAgeddon/Victoria's Secret/The Reddpocalypse [can be found here!](https://np.reddit.com/live/v6d0vi6c8veb)

.
My 7yo daughter wants to get her hair "cut like a boys hair".
As the title implies, my daughter has expressed to me that she wants to get her hair cut "like a boy". Shes asked for this for over a month. And, as a general rule, when she asks for something "unordinary", I'll give it about a month to make sure it's not just an impulsive thought. So, we got together to search the internet for the perfect cut, and picked out a decent style. I'm taking her today to get that done.

I have to admit, I am struggling with the whole idea of her hair "being like a boy." What are some experiences some of you had to deal with? How did you handle the situation? Looking for whole hearted advice. Thanks!

Edit: We're headed out for the day. If I can figure out how to post photos, I'll try to do a before and after when we get back home. Also, thank you everyone for the encouragement. I'm feeling so much better about this. You all are awesome!

https://images.app.goo.gl/RkgKaN1zm9gzpYeM9

So, we got the haircut. I wasnt able to figure out how to post the before after pictures. But, the finished cut looks similar to the one in the link above.
.
I finally stood up to a bully at work.
They were constantly messing with me.
I work in a food establishment and they would basically hand over the food to the customer once I had prepared it. They would basically mess up the prep giving me bad rep with my manager.

Today I took a stand, I caught them in the act and hit them with a tray. Got fired but worth it.
.
Does anyone else here not want a "career"?
I was wondering if I'm alone. Most of my friends either have this "dream job" they are going for, like a doctor for instance, or they took a high paying job like an accountant and plan to work a lot to maximize their earnings, but then they end up with "more money than they know what to do with" - one of my friends' own words.

Nothing wrong with either, but while I used to be in the dream job camp, I had a change of heart in the last year. I asked myself why do I want a distinguished career. I then realized I would like to instead maximize the time I have to peruse my own hobbies and interests so all I want is to work the minimal time I can to earn the money I need to support myself.
.
Forrest Gump was released when i was 10 or 11. It took me wayyy too long to realize this..
As we all know, when Forrest Gump was giving his speech at the Washington Monument for his heroic return from the Vietnam War, a deranged man unplugged his microphone, rendering the entire oration inaudible. 

When i was that young, it was just kind of a huge "WTF?!" moment that i didn't really understand, and i never gave it much thought, honestly, other than surface level, "i guess that's just how the war protestors were *shrugs*".

Yesterday, it finally occurred to me that the directors/producers/writers did that because the Vietnam War was such a massively polarising, controversial subject; no matter what Forrest Gump said on the topic, he would have lost the love from one half of the demographic of the viewers. And the movie worked so well because it was impossible not to love the man. Everybody loved Forrest Gump!

By muting his speech, Forrest Gump was still able to retain the love of the entire audience, no matter which stance they had on the Vietnamese War and how passionate they were.

Pretty brilliant, really, and i might be/am probably wrong. But either way, it took me far too long to reach that conclusion.

>i am not a smart mayunnn.
.
At age 25, I'll be starting my first job tomorrow
Yes. You read that right. It's taken me this long to get my life together and actually be ready for work. I used to hide it but I'm tired of carrying around the shame.

It's a long story. The TL;DR version of it is simply "life happens, y'know?". Sometimes things are out of our control, sometimes someone needs a little more time to finish high school. That's how it was for me. I tried at age 16 but I just wasn't ready. Took me a few more years to get well enough to start high school (but for adults). I graduated this Friday after 3 years of studies.

I'm both happy and thankful that I'm even here today. It's been one heck of a rough road. After so many road blocks followed by seemingly never-ending uphill battles and too many bumps to count, I'm still here today. That's what counts. I'm here and I'm proud of it.

My job? I'll be an ice cream truck driver. Driving around neighborhoods in a light blue truck loaded with ice cream. Playing a little melody that'll interrupt kids playing in their backyard. Kids asking their parents for some ice cream money. The shyer ones asking if their mom or dad could buy some ice cream for them. Me standing there waiting patiently, with a smile on my face. A smile that could tell an entire life story.

It's just ice cream but it'll be the start of my new life. A big step towards my next life goal - moving out. I love my family but I've been ready for years. I'll be saving up as much as I can, maybe even do some extra work if the manager will let me.

The anxiety is real and I keep worrying about the same things - the change in routines and the new people I'll meet. Having to maneuver a truck that's a bit bigger than the car I'm used to has also been the cause of insomnia. It doesn't matter, though. Everything will work out just fine. Anxiety is real but it's rarely rational.

I'm so happy and I'm so terrified. My next adventure starts in less than 24 hours.

**Edit: I'm overwhelmed by the sheer amount of comments I've gotten. Thank you, everyone! I'm doing my best to reply to every single one of you awesome people. :)**


.
My dad who loved Peter Pan peanut butter just passed away. We had people bring jars of it to his service to donate to local food pantries. What started as a little idea has grown: our local news wants to do a story on it and Peter Pan themselves have reached out to me. It feels good!
My dad was the most caring and giving man I know. He would literally give the shirt off his back for anyone. We had over 750 people come to his calling hours and collected hundreds of jars of peanut butter for homeless people in our area, with more jars still coming to us. It's such a great thing to see when it seems like all the main headlines in news today are tragedies. Just thought I'd share this story with you guys!

Edit: Wow, thanks for all the support everyone! In response to some people asking where to send further donations, you can send them to:

The Mohawk Valley Community Action Agency
9882 River Road
Utica, NY 13502

Thanks so much to everyone who wishes to donate more peanut butter. This is taking off much more than I ever hoped it would. Know a lot of people will benefit greatly from your generosity! 
.
Today I’ve decided to upvote more posts instead of just lurking and smiling to myself
All this time I’ve been just scrolling and sharing things with my friends and then I realised how much I love receiving internet points. 

How is everyone, by the way?
.
If you ever have Russian guests, give them fruit,
I have been hosting some Russian clients and their families for the past few days, we do full day boat trips in South  a Florida and usually provide lavish platters with snacks, cold meats and fruit, I freaked out for a second there thinking the platters where incomplete but after further observation I realised that they where all, from grandmother's to toddlers digging into the fruit platters like there was no tomorrow! 
I made a friendly comment along the lines of "gee you guys really love my fruit platters" but then one of the adults explained to me that in Russia, fruit is outrageously expensive and basically inaccessible to the general population, so when they come to the USA they really love eating fruit, 

The next few days I made MASSIVE platters with mangos and lychees and papaya and all sorts of amazing fruit in great quantities, they showed so much gratitude for that gesture it made me very happy to make them so happy,
I just can't imagine being somewhere where you can't afford fruit! 

And it brings me to my next point, what are things that maybe the general population take for granted but are difficult to get in other places? 

.
Do you ever get nervous you just aren't a likeable person?
I went through a pretty rough break up a few months ago now and ever since then I've just felt disconnected from everyone. 

I do try and force myself to socialise but it's just not the same anymore. Anyone been through something similar?

EDIT: Thank you so much to every one of you who put in their 2 cents! Love to all of you and to everyone struggling with anything AT ALL, my pm's will always be open 
.
My boyfriend worked all night, all day, and is now spending his free time getting together food we don’t eat for the homeless ex vet in our neighborhood.
I wanted to take a minute to share something wholesome! 

My boyfriend worked a night shift last night and didn’t get home until midnight. After he ate, showered, and relaxed before bed, he didn’t get to sleep until 2 am. 

We’ve been tight on money lately, so he took the liberty of picking up a morning shift the very next day. He had to wake up at 7 am to get ready for work at 8 am and didn’t get off work until 4. 

4 rolls around, and I’m getting everything ready for him to come home and just relax since I appreciated him working on such little sleep. I wanted him to come home to dinner, pop open a brew and play video games until he fell asleep early. I even lit a candle and put on some mellow music so he had a nice atmosphere to mellow out. 

To my surprise, as soon as he got home, without even taking his work clothes off, he started getting together some of the food from the pantry we don’t eat. He even got together a water bottle and a spare rain jacket. When I asked what was up, he said he was going to give them to the homeless vet in our neighborhood. 

“His name is John.” He said. “He has a rain jacket, but it’s broken. He’s sick right now, so I wanted to give this stuff to him. You’re not going to eat any of this, right babe?” 

My face flushed with love for this man. I was so happy. The nice gesture really caught me off guard. 

I hope John stays out of the rain we’ve been having lately with that jacket and is warm and fed. He fought for our values and freedom and deserves to have faith in the kindness of strangers. The world really is a better place when we take care of each other. 
.
My grade went up and I almost have all “A”’s
A week ago I had a 58 in my Spanish class. I hated that class and then I had a come to god talk with my teacher and today I turned in almost all my missing assignments and it’s a 85 now :)
She gave me a high five and said how proud she was.

Edit: RIP MY INBOX

But, Thank you guys for the kind words. I definitely will make sure this grade won’t slip!

Edit2: THANK YOU SO MUCH FOR MY FIRST REDDIT GOLD! I APPRECIATE YOU SO MUCH!
.
My employer has offered to pay for 50% of my grad school tuition!
I work at a nonprofit where I help create employment opportunities for people with disabilities, it’s a pretty sweet gig. 

Last fall, I applied for grad school and was recently admitted. I got the sense that my employer wanted me to stick around, so I proposed an idea: If the company pays 50% of my tuition for online school, I’ll work at the company for two more years. Today, they accepted my proposal!

I’ll soon start school to get a Master’s in Public Administration, which will help me become a director of a nonprofit (hopefully) in the near future.
.
Asked out a girl, she said no - but I tried!
So I've just been out of a 6 year long relationship which didn't end the best way. I thought for the longest time I wouldn't be able to move on, but it's been about 3 weeks since it happened and yesterday I asked out a girl. It ended up not ending so well because she knew my ex-girlfriend and didn't want to complicate things - BUT, I actually managed to gather myself and ask someone who I found attractive out! 

I feel great, even though I don't have a date. Maybe soon!

How are the rest of you folks faring? 
.
I'm 23 years old and I've finally got my mental health under control to the point I'm off my meds and I have my first full time job.
It's kinda lame but I'm just really proud of myself and want to express it somewhere.

I'm now in my third week of work and it feels so good to have a  paycheck, and I had a customer compliment about me submitted to head office!

It's just really nice feeling like a normal, functioning adult.

Edit: I didnt expect this to get so popular, and there are too many comments to keep track of but thank you all so much for the kind words! I'll make my way through and reply to those who have questions, but to the rest of you offering congratulations and other encouragements, thank you! ❤

Edit 2: for people asking, I'd like to add I've been off the meds for a while and my mental health has been stable enough where I'm coping well and could even apply for the jobs in the first place. If things start to get bad again I have no hesitation with going back on meds!  Meds were great for getting me to this point and I'm glad I stopped refusing them and got on them when I did.
.
The girl at the Dubai Airport, hope you’re okay
Saw a girl crying her eyes out sitting alone in the McDonald’s at the Dubai airport. I just went up to her and she pretended she wasn’t crying. I still asked her if she was alright. She seemed really surprised that someone would do that. She asked again what I was saying. 

I was like just checking whether you’re alright. And she said she was alright then proceeded to thank me 10 times for asking. I think she really needed it. I regret not asking her if she wanted to talk about it because it seemed she wanted to say something more. 

I’m 24f btw and I myself was also crying at the same McDonald’s not 20min ago when I saw her due to my personal issues. 

Whoever you are. Wherever you are. I hope you’re fine now. 

Edit: for all you asking if I’m okay. I was fleeing a very horrible abusive relationship. I’m still not sure whether I’m going to go back or not. But the support here makes me feel so much better. Thank you. 
.
Hugs are underrated
People don’t like to hug that often, and when they do, it’s like this shitty half hearted pat on the back. Several years ago I got into the habit of giving people big friendly bear hugs. You don’t have to overdo it til it’s painful. Just hug tightly enough that it’s an actual loving embrace. 

Recently I was with my cousin. I see her once every couple years so we’re not super close. But she was having a panic attack, I didn’t know what to say so I just offered a hug. She’s like “uh...sure?” but I gave her a big hug and she actually seemed to feel a lot better.

In general I would say people are surprised but relieved at a good bear hug. Shit can be powerful.
.
A homeless woman teaches me a lesson.
Story time. I lived in this crappy duplex right on the street most cities have that splits the nice side of town from the bad side of town. When I moved in there last year, this (I assumed) homeless woman knocked on the door late at night every few days asking for bread or cash or whatever. Usually gave her something to eat but I refused when she wanted money.

One day she comes by with what looks like the first lawnmower ever made, offers to cut my grass. Actually, yes, i'll pay you to do that. That's pay for a job, not a sob story handout, so yes. I don't understand how that shitty little mower even worked, but this woman cut the shit out of my yard. It's a tiny yard, so when she asked for 30 bucks I had to think about it; a bit high, but it was my fault for not agreeing to particulars before she did it, and I was trying to reward her for working and not begging. So we worked out a schedule where she would come by every other week. She even cut the neighbor's yard, doubling her money. 

Then she stopped coming for a few weeks. Turns out her ancient mower was stolen (where was she keeping it? was it even hers?). But instead of going back to begging, she pulled weeds and trimmed hedges for various people around the neighborhood, saved up and got a better mower. Eventually she had a moped with a ridiculous attachment to drag the mower around town, but the moped AND her mower were stolen, again. She went back at it, and soon she started showing up in a rusty old car with an even newer mower in the trunk. She even had a second mower and an "employee" who would cut grass in other neighborhoods. After 6 or 8 months of this, I was proud of her for sticking to her plan and seeing it blossom.

One night, around 4:30 am, I was still up studying for exams and I hear a familiar knock. Please don't tell me a third mower was stolen. I open up...she's on foot, looking disheveled, half a bottle of vodka in her hand. I'm all ready to hear any story she has cooked up, except for the one she actually has. "I saw your lights on, I know you studying, figured you might could use a break. It's my 50th birthday today and I don't have anybody to celebrate with, nobody. You wanna sit on the porch and get drunk with me?"

So we sat on my porch and got drunk, watched the sunrise and the early risers driving to work, traded stories, laughed about how bitchy my neighbor was, talked about life. Without talking about her problems, she asked about mine, and I felt silly telling her my worries - I'm young, healthy, have a place and a car and a job and people know when my birthday is. I'm a mid-30's white male, and this homeless 50-year-old black lady made me realize how dumb I sound complaining just by asking how I was doing. She hugged me as she left and thanked me for just spending a little time with her.

If you're reading this on your smartphone, or sitting at home wondering what you WANT to eat, or dreading going to work tomorrow in the air conditioning, or rolling your eyes that someone just texted you who you aren't crazy about, take a second and appreciate that all of that is luxury. It's not your life, it's extra. Just by virtue of those things you are among the richest 10% of people on Earth (look it up).

Happy Monday, everybody. Wherever you are, thanks Angie.

EDIT: My first gold! Neato. Thank you so much!

EDIT 2: Oof ouch owie, my gold cherry! Thank you stranger! I've seen dick jokes with more karma on here so it may not be a big deal, but thousands of people around the world getting something positive out of it makes me happy. Thanks for the uplifting replies and messages! 
.
This lady smiles at me after a year and it felt really nice.
I walk my dog along this path by my house. About half the time (so 2 or 3 days a week) I see this middle aged woman who is probably an immigrant from Mexico. She has always avoided my gaze and kept a stone expression even though I look at her and put on a friendly smile. I kind of get the impression she's had a traumatic experience with some man because she looks pretty afraid. The past two days she's smiled back but it seemed forced and shaky. Today as we passed each other for the second time we made eye contact and the had a big genuine smile on her face. I didn't know how much I actually wanted to see that smile and it made me really happy.
.
My husband always knows how to cheer me up
I had an awful week at work this week. Just everything went wrong. Then, we had to 'adult' and do taxes and some financial planning stuff. By the end of it, I was just completely mentally exhausted. We went grocery shopping today and he had the biggest grin on his face when we got home. He dug through one of the bags and pulled out my favorite candy. He had somehow slipped it into the cart when I wasn't paying attention and then distracted me during checkout so that I didn't see it. He kept it a secret until we got home. It was so cute and made me smile instantly. What little things does your partner do to cheer you up?
.
Unconditional love
I’ve had a rough day today. Nothing seemed to go right and it’s just been full of negativity. 

Tonight though, when I get home from work, I peek over to see my 1 year old sitting on her grandmas bed. I see she stayed up again to see me. She gives a sweet smile and crawls to me where I pick her up. She looked at me and smiled, put her little arm around me and rested her head on my shoulder. It’s like her wave of affection washed away all of my tension. All of my negativity gone. We head upstairs since she is sleepy and late for bed, she lays next to me, puts her arm around me again, caresses my arm like how I normally do to her and she drifts asleep smiling. Every day I think my heart can’t get any more full. Everyday she proves me wrong. This is unconditional love.

Thank you for reading if you did. I’m not really sure why I feel the need to share this on Reddit but I am anyways. Have a good night guys

Edit: wow this got more attention that I thought. Thank you so much guys for your comments!! It’s a strange and new experience for me because I’ve genuinely never felt this before. I’m glad it made a few people feel warm and fuzzy
.
I just love how we consider the mars rover to be almost like a family pet.
Like... robot pets will be a thing in the future, and having an actual emotional attachment to a robot animal, or robot person, seems totally plausible! He was a very good boy i cant wait till we find him again on mars. 

Edit: i just got back from work and wow so many replies! Im glad we all mutually love this little robot :')
.
I'm breaking into the film industry, tommorow is my 2nd job!!
Guys I'm fucking estatic. I've been working a weekend job for 4 months trying to break into my industry but have gotten nowhere. No one responded to my applications because I didn't have any experience on a 'real set' and no one to vouch for me.

This week I got my first real gig, someone reasponed to an old Facebook post I commented on. I worked my ass off this week, but I made some small mistakes so I wasn't sure if it'd go anywhere. I was a bit bummed out, and went to go hang out with my friend. I get a call asking for me to go-to another set TOMMOROW. It's fucking snow balling. I honestly can't believe it's finally happening.

Edit: I'd love to respond to you all but I'm about to go-to bed, thanks everyone for the kind words. The support and advice is amazing :). I'll make sure to check back in tommorow and respond to more people on here.
.
Just saw Whiplash today.
I went in expecting a cheesy music drama and finished it sweating harder than a pig. JK Simmons killed his role, damn. Fletcher is scarier than any serial killer or supernatural freak.

Anyone saw any interesting films lately?
.
Three weeks ago my life exploded.
My girlfriend and I dated for almost 5 years. We broke up while on a dream trip to Japan. I was in deep depression for a while, for various reasons. Military, school, etc. I tried to end myself a couple of times. Came to Japan thinking it would make everything better. 

It did in every way, although that meant ending it with her. My mind is clear now. I'm selling everything I own to travel. 

I happened upon a redditor that offered to let me live with her for a few weeks if I cooked and cleaned. Not romantic, but like the sister I never had. I convinced her to quit her shitty job to travel with me. We leave for Europe around mid October. 

I also finally published the novel I'd been writing for 4 years. 4 fucking years. And now it's live on Amazon, and people are reading it.

All in all, I'm happy with all the twists and turns. What kinda crazy stuff has happened in your life lately?

EDIT: /u/Rabbitti here is my travel buddy, my wing-woman, my new sister. We're trying to talk to as many of you guys as possible. 

We'll also have a blog up soon if any of you want to keep up with our crazy adventure.
.
My sister is 22 and her boyfriend of 1 month broke up with her. My Parents' reaction baffled me.
My mother cried on the phone with me about how my sister's dream has always been to marry and have children and now this happened, and maybe she needs to find out what men don't like about her and change it to please them.

My father took her to a TAROT card reader, who told my sister she has all sorts of spells on her and basically she's doomed and shit. 

Wonderful.

I told my sister she has terrible parents and gave her real, human advice. 

But like,
for fuck sake.
.
There is something fulfilling about using your current employer's internet to search for a new job.
To be clear, I am not using their computer, only their wifi. 

Currently, I am in a job I loathe. 50+/hr work weeks, high stress, unrealistic expectations, etc. I can not wait to put in a notice. 

All of my certifications are up to date. I will grind it out until I hear something.
.
Just recently got glasses and am studying with them for the first time and holy shit I can actually see.
I have Double Vision which was caused from a concussion back in junior high. So concussion caused the double vision then the double vision caused ocular migraines.

For years I just thought everyone saw doubles close up, until I asked someone how they studied without closing there left eye (Like I did) and they said they didnt. Eye Doctor asked me how I could study with the double vision and I told her I wore a eye patch over my left eye, was doing that for like 5 years lol.

Got some spiffy glasses, can actually see without concentrating, and dont need to close/cover my left eye to study anymore!
.
I'm so proud of my wife
Back story - my wife and I are related through 2 marriages. Her sister is married to my uncles stepson.

We have a mutual family member that has developmental disabilities, and today was her birthday(as well as my wife's)!

We found out through the grapevine that no one in her family(to include parents, step parents and siblings) really wanted to spend time with her.

So yesterday my wife calls me from work and says we are going to take her out for brunch and some shopping.

We just got back and we had a blast! Got her some blueberry crepes and a new summer outfit. She was super happy to see us, and it really made her day(and mine).
.
Does anyone else really really really love driving late at night?
I love the feeling of just going slow as fuck with no one else around me. No traffic. I mean I know it sounds cliché but damn does it feel really free. Especially considering the fact that I live with my parents. I mean I love them and all, but even my room feels constricted because they can walk in at anytime. In my car though I don't have to answer to anyone I just roll my window down and let that cool night air hit me whewwwwwwwwwwwwww
.
Who else is pumped for spring?
Spring cannot come quick enough. It's been so cold I haven't been able to go outside and study the trees/do woodworking. Plus I'm super excited for the trees to start flowering and gain their leaves back. What are you excited for this spring?
.
I'm adopting two cats tomorrow!!!
Last night they visited my apartment and gave the final confirmation I was approved. I'm buying all the cat stuff today, and tomorrow they'll be bringing around the two little furballs &lt;3

I've never had a pet but have wanted to adopt cats for just about all my life. I'm so, so, so dang excited !!!

If you have cats, tell me about yours! Or do you have any random tips for taking care of these two?  
(they're 6 months and 2 years old, with the little one being very skittish and also very likely to need 1-2 months to get used to and trust me)

Edit : geez, this got a lot of comments. I don't have the time to reply to everyone, but I promise I've read every comment and appreciate each one you've all left. Thank you so, so much! :) 
.
Getting better at making eye contact has made me realize how uncomfortable people are with making eye contact
Ever since High School, I was always good at small talk and making brief, casual conversation with people, but I sucked at making eye contact. So I made this a goal of mine to improve and several years later, I think it's one of my social strong suits. When I'm listening to someone or talking directly to them, I always make and maintain eye contact.

But this has made me realize how many people aren't used to that and how many people will look away mid-conversation or glance and look away uncomfortably. 

I think it's interesting how that works. We're like... afraid to just look directly at each other when talking. But I've noticed when I meet people that AREN'T uncomfortable with it, I have a stronger connection and can read the conversation a lot better.

Anyone else notice these things?

EDIT: Glad so many people can relate! Now I just need to work on remembering peoples’ names after they tell me the first time...

*EDIT 2: Since a lot of people are reading way too into this and commenting with some asinine and rude things, let me just clarify that I'm OBVIOUSLY not talking about making unwavering, deep eye contact with everyone I speak to and never looking away. Of course there are social conventions we need to observe and be sensitive to. Do you think I, as someone that used to be uncomfortable with this, is now unaware that these things can be difficult for people? Of course not. Read the room, read the situation you're in, and read the person you're talking to. There's so much more to good conversation than making eye contact, but I challenge anyone that struggles with social awkwardness to just try becoming a little more conscientious of their eye contact habits and see where they can improve. It's done nothing but help me in a lot of areas of my life.*
.
Ive gone from a 75% in math to an 88%
I've been giving myself a pretty hard time the past two years because it was really hard for me to get algebra. Freshman year I had a 75% as my final grade and I've gotten it up to 88% so far in algebra 2. I know it's not the best grade, but I'm still proud of myself and I'm hoping I can get it up to at least a 90%. Keep me in your prayers y'all 🙏
.
11 months sober from alcohol and weed
Just realized today marks 11 months sober and two months of drinking nothing but water. No soda or smoothies, nothing. Cant believe how great I feel every day. Who know that if you take care of your body you'll feel better?

One year will be a piece of cake.

Edit: Thank you everyone for the words! You made this Saturday night better than it should have been :)

Edit 2: I will respond to all of you at some point. Thank you for the encouragement. I've received PMs from people saying that are motivated to keep their sobriety streak going! What a great thing to wake up to.
.
My wallpaper got download over 5k times and it makes me kinda proud
Around a year ago I created a wallpaper out of pure boredom. I decided to upload it to a popular website for wallpapers and completly forgot about it. I've decided a few minutes ago to check for a new wallpaper on same website and see on the front-page of the categoy my work. 2k views and 5.5k downloads. I know this is nothing special at all, and will probably not impress anyone, but it's kinda nice to think about that my work is seen everyday on hundres of screen around the world. Makes me kinda proud.

What makes you proud which wouldn't impress others?
.
I saw the sweetest thing at the supermarket today and if made me cry. I'm still crying like a baby which is super unusual and I need to share this.
So I was just doing the usual grocery shopping at my supermarket. I was standing in the self check out line when I happened to see an old couple in the line next to me. They had to be in their late 80s at least. Little old man wearing a hat and a little old woman all wrapped up in a shawl. They only bought two things. A small box of strawberry ice cream and another small box of vanilla. I guess the cashier started talking to them but I overhead the old man saying that his wife always wanted the strawberry but she would always ask for something else.  But he knew her so well that he bought her the strawberry every time. And he made sure to leave some of the chocolate at the bottom for her because she always asked. And he said they did this every weekend. Buy ice cream , go to a specific bench in the park , and eat it together while looking out at the ocean.  And I saw them holding hands and leaving together. They were so sweet. I came home and cried my eyes out. I'm such a cynical person and am totally single and have stopped believing that love can happen for everyone. I'm not going to rant too much about this but I have terrible luck with love. I hate it. But this really touched my heart. A lot. Every time I think about it I cry. They are so sweet. If I can have that when I'm 80 I'll be really happy. That old couple gives me hope. Good luck to all the single ones out there, and to those who have found your forevers, cherish them for they are wonderful. Just had to share this with someone. 
.
When I was 12, I wanted to become a DJ. My mom knew, and she told my grandmother, who laughed in my face. Tomorrow night, I'm opening for Dada Life, a huge DJ duo touring worldwide.
Don't really know what I wanted to say out of this, just wanted to share it. Pretty sure my grandmother didn't mean it in a harmful way when she laughed, but I think she laughed at how absurd it would be for me to become a DJ. Regardless, tomorrow night I'm playing an hour long set right before Dada Life, and I'm so fucking excited.

Edit : Did...did I really hit front page? Holy shit haha, that's incredible! Thank you all for the support, and I'll answer a few questions that people seem to be asking.

1. The gig is at Pacha U18, a night club located in Manhattan, NYC, that has an under 18 event every month or so. 
They were asking around for DJs, and I [sent them this message](http://imgur.com/Gzc1YGh&OO8B6j6), January 7th. Superbowl Sunday, as I was on my way to my friend's house for a superbowl party, I [get this text](http://i.imgur.com/OO8B6j6.png?1). From then, it was just info exchanges.

2. My soundcloud, after people asking, is [DeanTheDJ](https://soundcloud.com/dirty-vice-music). I have very old music on this, and it's not music that I'm proud of, haha. You can listen to some more recent work [here](https://clyp.it/0stcvmw5), which is some music that I enjoyed making as well as working on.

3. I'll be posting pictures and stuff tomorrow when I get back (currently 12:50 PM on Saturday, gotta start getting ready son haha). Thank you all for your support, I can't stress that enough, I'm scared shitless of messing up but you guys reassuring me has helped me so much <3

Edit 2 : Hey everyone! Sorry for the late edit, I've been exhausted and just playing video games and procrastinating in general haha, but here's what went down. I showed up at 4, doors opened at 5. Before the show began, I cashed out from the tickets I sold (sold 12 tickets, 30 each, for a total of $360, and my boss gave me $60 as my profit from the ticket selling. Easy money). After that, he pretty much escorted me backstage, let me put my stuff down, and said "go party, come back at 6 when you're on". My stage time was 6 - 7:30, then Dada Life was supposed to go live at 7:30 - 9ish. So, simple as that, I walked around until the show began, and just went to the mainstage and joined the crowd and started dancing.

After a while of some pretty cool music from some pretty cool DJs, I went to the basement (another set of DJs, very small crowd, if any) and greeted the DJ and made some chitchat for a while. Around 5:45 I went back to mainstage to get backstage, but there was a security guard that didn't let me go backstage. After explaining to him that I was on at 6 (currently 5:50), he still didn't budge. I asked him to radio my boss, but he said that my boss didn't carry a radio. Cue 5 minutes of endless frustration and texts to my boss (who rarely answers his texts, by the way). At the last minute, I decide to just start walking around and looking for him. I found him downstairs in the basement just chatting away with some group of guys. He looked at me like "wtf, you're supposed to be playing any minute now" and I just asked him to take me backstage. He escorted me there, but as I walked in, the security guard gave me a dirty look because he realized I was right. It's currently 6:02 / 6:03, and the DJ from 5-6 is still playing, so there's no real worries. Once behind the DJ currently playing, I gave him a tap on the shoulder and told him that he can kill his set after his next song (I'm a nice guy, I guess) and I'll take over from then.

Long story short, I went on and played some kickass music and the crowd loved it. At around 7:25, some guy taps me on the shoulder, and when I turn around, it's just some dude in a suit who tells me to kill the music completely after the song that goes past 7:30 ends (meaning, when the clock hits 7:30, let the song playing continue and end completely, then get off stage). I do exactly that, and when I turn around to get off stage (after grabbing my USBs from the turntables), I see Dada Life. Excited, I say hi and they thank me for my set and it's pretty much just a small exchange before they run to the stage. No huge meet and greet, didn't get to have a chat with them unfortunately, but it was still pretty cool to meet them. They offered me a banana though, which I thanked them for and accepted the kind offer, haha. I did get to enjoy their set too, but from the crowd (probably even better than being backstage). The night ends, and the next day I text my boss to thank him for the gig, and if he ever needs another opener, to feel free to text me, lol. 

So that's pretty much it, no cool pics of dada life unfortunately, but I do have some videos from the crowd, and if you guys want, I can go ahead and upload them all on youtube and link it here.

Thanks for reading this all, and I appreciate all the support you guys gave me, it definitely helped give me a confidence boost to rock that stage <3
.
I was too lazy to do the dishes so I bribed my friend with a can of Pringles to come over and do them for me. She woke up from her nap and 5 minutes later was at my doorstep wheezing "WHERE ARE MY PRINGLES"
I don't know which one of us has sunk the lowest but hey, I got squeaky clean dishes with virtually no effort and she got Pringles. 

Also, they were sour cream flavored. 
Edit: Sour cream and onion. 
Edit 2: I don't think she wants my dong guys, we're just friends. 
Edit 3: I wish Pringles paid me for this post, I really do. Also r/hailcorporate comments have been done 3 times already, try a new subreddit. 
.
Its my birthday! 🎉
I'm 19 today, I've dyed my hair a dark purple and I've recieved wonderful presents from my parents. I'm going iceskating with my friends on Saturday and I'm so excited! 
I wish I could give everyone a slice of cake today but here is a virtual one 🍰
Have a great day! 

EDIT: Thanks to everyone who has wished me a happy birthday! I've finally got to eat my cake yay!
http://imgur.com/gallery/pLvmCag 
.
I just sat and cried for an hour because I finally feel genuinely happy with my life
After years of fighting mental illness, low self esteem, insecurities, and loneliness, I have finally reached happiness. I can feel it. I sat and cried for an hour while laughing and smiling bc happiness overpowered me. 

I finally realized I don’t need a significant other to be happy. I don’t need to rely on anything else for my own happiness. I have friends who act as a second family who are extremely protective of me. I reconnected with an old friend who is like a brother to me and we’re as close as ever. I’ve accepted the fact that my best friend and I cut ties and people grow apart. It’s life. I love my new job and all of my new coworkers are great and the atmosphere is so positive and I needed it so bad. 

After 8 years of sitting in darkness, I finally reached the light and I just wanted to share this newfound happiness with all of you. 

EDIT: just got back from a concert to an overwhelming positive response! Thank you so much! I’ll be replying to as many comments as I can before bed! I love you guys!

EDIT 2: I’m so happy I’ve given soooo many individuals hope. I’m crying again thanks to you guys. You guys deserve to experience positivity. No ones hopeless as long as you put in the work. This is all I’ve wanted out of life. To spread hope and light. Thank you Reddit from the bottom of my heart for allowing me to do that. 

EDIT 3: So many are asking “how?” Here’s how it worked for ME, it might not be the same for everyone:

Therapy, acceptance and patience

My therapist has been an amazing guide and has completely helped change my mindset and outlook. I took it one day at a time and one day, the change became noticeable. I wasn’t crying anymore. I wasn’t having panic attacks anymore. I found new enjoyable hobbies. I found myself enjoying doing things alone, like video games and creative writing, more and more. And today, it fell into place: I’m happy.

I surrounded myself with non-toxic individuals and cut off the toxic ones. It took a lot of time, 8 years to be exact, but I was patient.

I accepted that shitty things happen in life,  but that doesn’t mean life is shitty. Things happen. People leave. We get hurt. But choosing not to let it overpower us is what makes it easier. Feel the pain but don’t dwell, that’s what my therapist says. Change your routine time to time. Explore new activities. Accept time alone with yourself. When you find who you are alone, it’s such a relieving feeling. 
.
I paid off my car loan today, now I'm completely debt free!
I've been in debt through out my entire life (student loans, medical, auto etc.). This is the first time ever I don't have any debt lingering above my head. Feels weird and kinda exciting. 
.
We have food!
For the first time in a long time my wife and I have a full fridge and pantry! And we were able to buy it all with our own money! Fresh veggies and fruits, neat shaped pastas, and a berry-pepper jelly we've had an eye on for a while. We got ingredients to make old favorites and ingredients to make new recipes. I felt giddy and so happy trying to make everything fit in the fridge.

Edit: Wow, the response to this has been incredible! You are all wonderful people! I'm so happy so many of you are interested in the recipes! I'm going to work on writing them up and sharing them this weekend.

I wish you all lives full of warmth and good food! ❤

Edit 2: Wow! Thanks for the silver and gold guys!

Final edit: I posted the recipes on r/cooking for you guys! [Here](https://www.reddit.com/r/Cooking/comments/axsaug/i_have_a_few_recipes_id_like_to_share/) is the post!
.
My husband surprised me with a kitten on Wednesday night
I just wanted to share this story, somewhere less karma-farmy than r/aww. 
I've been a "cat person" all my life, thanks to my mother, who was a cat lover as well. She died when I was 16 from lung cancer. She had asked me to care for her cat, Scooter, after her death. My step mom (at the time) decided she didn't like cats, and wouldn't let me keep Scooter. I don't know what happened to him after that, it was up to my widowed step-dad.

I'm 24 now, and my husband of 3 years surprised me with a 4-month old kitten this week. My first cat of my adult life, as well as my first cat since losing my mom in 2011. Now, I'm not a religious person. I identify as an atheist, and have for basically my whole life, as my parents were not religious and never took me to church or indoctrinated me in any way. So it was a confusing time for me when my mom died, especially with well-meaning friends referencing God and Heaven and whatnot. I hadn't figured out how to feel close to her after her death. 

But ever since I got this kitty, and it's only been 4 days, I've felt closer to my mother. I know how much she'd love my husband (whom she never got to meet) for surprising me with a kitten. It's hard to put this feeling in words to be honest, but I wanted to get it out into cyberspace. I'm so happy right now, and I don't want to forget this feeling.

EDIT: changed 4 weeks to 4 months, my bad. Also, thank you for my first silver!

EDIT 2: Photos as requested :) https://imgur.com/gallery/LP3YvM1
.
I just started watching Brooklyn Nine-Nine after hearing positively about it here on Reddit.
I don’t know what I’ve been doing with my life ‘cause there are a lot of actors that I’ve liked for years. Terry Crews is always a hit, even more so after hearing about his doings on Reddit. I read something about him building a pc for his son, 
Joe Lo Truglio was probably the funniest guy in “We’re the Millers” even though it was a quick appearance, so I’m stoked too see his a part of the show as well. 
I’m just a couple of episodes in, but it’s definitely a show for me. 
I started watching it after seeing that there would be a new season on Reddit, and looking at the comments convinced me. 
Have you seen it? 
Edit: It wasn’t Joe Lo Truglio, but Thomas Lennon, my bad! 
.
One thing I realized about myself is that the littlest things make me happy
For example I've been using the same soap for a long time. It gets the job done but it's boring. Recently I bought myself pack of new all natural soaps and I'm so excited to use them! In one box that was relatively cheap I got a coconut soap, seaweed and sea salt soap, Eucamint soap, lemongrass soap, lavender soap, avocado and grapefruit soap.

Is anyone else like this?




Update: just used the lemongrass soap. You may not believe it but I'm walking on air

To the person who gilded this, thanks. You gave me another little something to be happy about

To the people who silvered and platinumed this, thanks a million! Crazy what appreciating the little things can do.

Hope everyone's day is going great!
.
THANK YOU. This goes out to the people that reach out to their friends or family when they feel something is wrong.
I'm thankful for my sister who forces me to leave my room.  Who calls me daily to come over, and basically forces me to have dinner at her place. Who makes situations happen for me to socialize with other people. Honesty I think I would be in a darker space without her. 

Although,  I try to pretend everything is fine and nothing could possibly be wrong. I know she knows. 

So I'm just thankful that she doesn't give up on me. I'm thankful that she won't take no for an answer. 



Edit: 
I have read every comment here. First of all for those of you that have reached out, whether they have accepted help or not. Thank you. 
I was prideful at first and didn't want to accept any help. Realizing that I wasn't my usual self is what pushes me to continue accepting her being there for me. As well as her straight up telling me I was showing signs of being depressed. She didn't sugar coat it or anything. 
Second of all, she's getting a legit Christmas present this year from me. Haha. All jokes aside I will thank her. 
.
Anyone else prefer the cold?
Not that I want it to be zero and windy all the time but I’m very comfortable when it’s 30-50 degrees F (0-10 C). If it ever gets above 75 I am very uncomfortable lol. Whenever the weather comes on the radio and says “tomorrow it will be a lovely 93 degrees” I’m just like how do people like that? No offense or anything. 

Anyone else prefer the colder weather?
.
Yesterday I (27m) stood up to two 9 year old girls
My friend (29m) and I like to skateboard once in a while for exercise/fun. We went to the skatepark last night with my wife. When we got there, two young girls were screaming and running all over the ramps. It's a small place, so the area they were covering was basically all of it. They were laying across all of the ramps and generally just being little girls. This happens a lot and we usually just try to avoid the kids and hope they get the hint that we'd like to use the ramps. For some scenery, I am a clean cut, highly educated, respectful person who avoids confrontation. 

These kids decide to lock on to me and start yelling "FAIL" after every thing I do. The ringleader of the two told me that when I am rolling down the ramp she was going to trip me so I smash my head on the concrete. I tell them that isn't nice and they decide that I'm mean now. They keep calling me mean, telling me I'm bad at skateboarding, and yelling out "FAIL." To this point, I am being nice and trying to ignore them, they’re just kids, after all. 

The other girl then told me that I had to ride in a specific line that she described, and if I didn't do it, I would die. I didn't do it and she threw a huge handful of sand on me.

I pulled out my phone and acted like I was calling the police. Their tone changed instantly and they started saying "we're only 9" and begging. I went to a different part of the park and tried to ignore them but they had latched on to me. I've had enough at this point. They keep yelling "FAIL" and I finally said fuck it: 

Me: No, YOU fail. 

Girls: What?

Me: YOU fail. 

Girls: At what?

Me: At being a person. Look how you're acting.

Girls: That's really mean. (visibly upset)

Me: AWWWWWWWW are you going to cry?

Girls: (starts walking toward the parking lot) I'm going to go tell my mommy. 

Me: OHHH NOOOO, not your mommy. 


The girl was almost to tears at this point and I decided to stop talking to them. They didn't bother me again, but I didn't want to end up having to defend myself against angry parents, so we decided to go. I almost feel a bit bad about it, but at the same time, it feels like no one has ever stood up to those bullies before. I can only imagine the nightmare it must be to share the same air with them on a regular basis. 


.
Learning english at such a young age helped me learn about many things
Im Muhammed, im from saudi arabia and im 13 years old

When i was 7-8 years old, i played alot of games that werent localized, it was hard for me to play them because of language barriers but i still managed to somehow beat them

Over time, i slowly learned about english in a fairly weird way, from watching westerners playing video games and playing alot of them myself

I slowly learned that those repeated phrases i heard were most likely names, common phrases or words that were used alot

From there i started to learn words by context clues, and i eventually became one of the best in english in my school

I didnt regret learning it naturally at all, even when it seems like i should

It opened so many doors for me to explore, especially on the internet

It let me meet so many people and get some of the best experiences in my life

This simple language barrier being completely broken taught me so much over the course of a few years

Its only now i realized how much learning english helped me in my life

Instead of having to rely on my family to translate or find something on the internet for me, they're relying on me since they consider me the best with electronic devices and translating

Its probably pointless to share it here and expect people to see it, but that isnt stopping me

Have you ever learned something so simple that had a big impact on your life? Have a great day everyone

EDIT:I never expected the post to get this much attention, my responses will be very slow

EDIT 2:When the hell did this get 1k upvotes?

EDIT 3:1.5k updoots? Its only been 9 hours-
.
I am so afraid to write my story in here because of my grammar.
Hi. I'm Korean who have lived in South Korea. 

&#x200B;

I have been here to read your stories and actually it is very fun to me.

&#x200B;

Since you guys always talk about some things I can not experience in here.

&#x200B;

However I always feel terrified to write myself in here... because I know my English is not good enough to converse.

&#x200B;

But, this is my first step of being brazen.

&#x200B;

Sorry for my English. But I just want to say hello and I am very happy to see you.
.
In case you are having a bad day
My 13 year old son just called the police on me for grounding him.


Police.decided all I was doing is parenting him and wished me luck and went on their way.


He is now doubly grounded and I need to re define to him what constitutes an emergency.

Edited to add this child has autism and intellectual delays, he is not a typical 13 yr old
.
I'm New
My stepson made a Reddit account for me to keep me busy and I'm really enjoying it so far. I have no idea what I'm doing but this is the friendliest place I could find on the website.

I'd like to talk about anything but one of my favorite topics is the United States and especially the states themselves, like Missouri. I have my green card and I hope to be a citizen in a few years so I'll be looking forward to that for a while. We can talk about Reddit too. I'd love to hear about good spots on the website to go visit.

Let me know if I messed up this post or didn't follow the rules correctly.
.
I saw a different side of my Dad today.
I'm not close with my Dad, he's been a difficult and stressful presence in my family, but I've wanted to change our relationship in fear of future regret. He went grocery shopping and asked me if I wanted to come, he usually doesn't ask me things like this. I went because it seemed like he really wanted the company, and I want to take small steps in changing our dynamic. We spent the whole day together. He asked me questions about my life which he doesn't do and kept offering to buy different things to cook for me. He was really nice all day, and talked to me about his hobbies and made jokes. Usually we don't really talk, he keeps to himself and all of our interactions are awkward. Today was different. I'm starting to think we're distant because he doesn't feel like he can talk to me or that I want to spend time with him. I have to make the effort because he doesn't think he can. He's difficult, frustrating, and selfish at times but he's also kind, and cares about our family. I think I've allowed his mistakes to keep me from seeing that.

I just wanted to share this, thanks if you read it and please share thoughts or similar experiences.
.
If you can be happy alone, you're winning
Not saying that people should be alone, because sharing life with someone like minded is great. However, and this is just my humble opinion, but if you can be happy alone you're winning at life.

I'm only 24, so I don't have tonnes of life experience, but a lot of the people I know just can't be happy alone. They **have** to be in a relationship to be happy. I don't know if it's good or bad - but it seems dangerous to me. A relationship, in my eyes, should be a supplement to an already good life. Otherwise if you were to break up (which lets face it, a lot around my age will), you just go back to an unfulfilled life and become needy to be with another person.

I guess what I'm trying to say is I think that more people should focus on themselves more. Find a hobby and pursue it, self improvement (workout etc), focus on goals etc.

In your opinion, do you think **needing** to be with someone is good or bad?
.
I donated a kidney yesterday.
I just turned 22 last week, finished the semester a bit early, and gave my left kidney to my best friend. He'd been getting worse for a long time, but still went to school out of state. We scheduled the operation as close to winter break as possible, and now we're both recovering.

I'm just really glad I've had the opportunity to do something so meaningful for someone who means so much to me.
.
Quit drinking, and life has never been better
TL;DR - Quit drinking 3 weeks ago tomorrow, and literally every single aspect of my life has gotten 10 times better.

&#x200B;

I'll try to keep this short, but wanted to share with someone. 20 days ago I stopped drinking. My life had fallen into disarray, and it was entirely my own fault. I became an incredible toxic person, drinking nearly a 5th of whiskey every night. I was making terrible decisions, slacking off at work, when i would actually show up, treating my fiance like garbage, and treating my friends even worse. Had a very long conversation with my best friend and fiance', in what turned out to be the most sobering (no pun intended) moment of my life.

&#x200B;

Tomorrow will be the 3 week mark of my sobriety. I completely stopped drinking, started searching for alcohol counselors, Boy oh boy am I glad I did.

&#x200B;

I feel wonderful, health, motivated, and most importantly, happy. My relationship with my fiance' and daughter have never been this good. I've hated Christmas since I was a child for several different reasons, most circling around an abusive and manipulative mother. Yesterday was, hands down, the best Christmas I've ever had, and not because of the gifts I got, which were only a pair of gym shorts, and a baking dish from Pampered Chef (i like to cook).

&#x200B;

It was the best one because I was sober, happy, and enjoyed my time with my fiances family. And even more, my fiance's uncle offered me some apple pie moonshine, and without hesitation, longing, or remorse, turned him down. It was the first time he had ever offered me a drink on a holiday, which is actually a bigger deal than it seems.

&#x200B;

3 weeks sober tomorrow, and I am so, so happy.

&#x200B;

Edit\* Thanks to everyone for the kind words, and the silver and gold. You all are so incredibly kind. This is the exact kind of support someone in my position needs to continue fighting. Thank you all so much.
.
I am 55 years old and I just baked for the first time in my life.
Real baking, not from a box mix. I made bran muffins with raisins. They are cooling down so I haven't tried them yet. 

Here is the recipe: https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/25224/classic-bran-muffins/print/?recipeType=Recipe&servings=12&isMetric=false

Pic: https://imgur.com/a/b9WzSaA
.
Anyone else think they were raised by the internet?
I mean like all the things I learned on the internet that you would never hear from your parents. Ask reddit stuff like: Social cues, things to know in your first relationship, things to avoid In general, common mistakes in your teens, 20s; things school doesn't teach you, history, proper habits, what losing your virginity is like, your biggest regret, proper college major, and the list goes on.

Edit - Examples: just look at old classics like these that would benefit a teen: [example 1](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/21485n/how_many_sexual_partners_is_too_many_a_deal/), [example 2](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/1obqcx/reddit_what_was_your_biggest_mistake_as_a_teen/), and [example 3] (https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/1ery53/what_should_every_girl_know_by_the_age_of_21/)
.
I realized I was "officially" an adult last night when I checked the weather to see if it was going to rain or if I needed to water my plants. <_<
There's no turning back now! 😂

EDIT: I see this has hit the front page and now a bunch of smartasses are showing up and taking it way too literally haha.

EDIT 2: 90% get what I'm saying, but for the ones that don't: I'm not saying "weeee look at me, I'm an adult now!" but rather referring to the fact that such a mundane thought makes me feel old, whereas when I was a kid this would've been the last thing on my mind. That's all, Reddit Police, so you can settle down now.
.
Free Subscriptions
Just a reminder for everyone to remember to cancel those free subscriptions before you get charged, I definitely could've used this yesterday.
.
Making someone laugh is the best feeling ever
I’m at work and have been having a really rough day with my shift and personal issues. I made a customer laugh and I had this massive rush of happy feelings that nearly made me cry honestly. Such a great feeling :)
.
One year off drugs and one year into the best job ever!!!
Today is 365 days clean from opiates! I have the best friends in the world, I literally could not have done this without them. My best friend and I are going to a concert tonight to celebrate. She bought our tickets and everything; she’s absolutely amazing. 

AND, in a stunning turn of events, my director at work has asked me to do a special project because I have been doing such a good job! I am a private tutor, and my boss has asked me to start working on making a “Tutor’s Handbook”. Basically, it’s going to be a whole book on how to interact with clients, manage your schedule, communicate with parents and teachers, and long-term plan your sessions!! 

There are almost 40 tutors here, and she asked ME to do it!! I am so excited!!

I literally cannot believe that just over a year ago, I had no job, I was pawning all my possessions for drug money, I was in a horrible relationship with an asshole who expected me to buy him drugs, and I couldn’t even afford medical care for the many MANY side effects of shooting up. 

I love my friends. I love my job. Fuck heroin. The end. 
.
Craziest last 24 hours of my life
So within the last 24 hours: 


Our neighbor in our apartment shot himself in the head. We all heard the gun shot and watched the cops and ambulance carrying him out, with his girlfriend crying on the pavement outside their door. 


We got a call from our loan officer saying that we are clear to close on our first home! Closing is on Friday. 


My husbands company got called to do the crime scene clean up at our apartments. He normally does water damage/mold removal...first crime scene clean up and it was for the suicide that we heard happen. He cleaned up that horrific scene. 


And I got call for an interview this Friday at a job that would pay me $1500 more a month, after taxes and the first job in my field of study after grad school. 


I am still processing all the highs and lows of the last 24 hours. Just posting to let it all out.
.
Just found out I was cheated on. Share some uplifting stories/facts to cheer me up! I'll start.
My friend tried to comfort me about it (did a great job) and told me this which made me laugh so hard:

"Okay, imagine there's a toddler. 3-4.

and he can have a really nice bar of chocolate

or he can have a really nice bar of chocolate and he can steal some pretty crappy bars from his younger sibling as well

you know that toddler is having all the chocolate."

Which means I'm a really good bar of chocolate - the highest form of compliment.

I also cried a little on the way home from the gym today and an old lady saw me and asked how I was feeling (she was adorable and so nice) and let me pet her dog. The world isn't that bad sometimes 

Share something, exciting news that's happened to you, a feel-good story, a fun fact, anything that's positive :)

edit: thank you so much for everyone who has responded so far, your stories are helping immensely 

.
Grinning like an idiot, cause a kid just made my day
So I'm just sitting on the train, going home from visiting family. Listening to music, looking out the window, pretty blazed at this point from smoking with my step-brothers.

A guy gets on with his kid, they wander the train a few times. Kid's clearly super excited by the whole experience, keeps pointing at stuff. It's super cute.

At some point, they walk by again, and the kid stops right next to me, looks at me as I'm sitting by the window. Raises his hand, I look at him and lean over, extending my hand to where he can hit it. Little dude gives me a high five, giggles and runs off. Dad gives me a nod and I turn back to the window, grinning like an idiot.

The kid comes back a few minutes later for an encore.

So that was fun, made my weekend. Anything fun happen on your weekends?
.
Trapped in an elevator with 15% battery.
My worst nightmare has been realized. I am at work on the midnight shift at a large manufacturing type facility. There is a certain elevator that often gets stuck. It is currently stuck with me in it and I have 15% battery on my phone. Being the mid shift it could be hours before someone finds me or even notices I'm not where I should be. Not sure how long my battery will last. I might die of boredom. Care to entertain me?

Edit: 14%

Edit2: 8%

Edit3: 2% won't be long now.

Edit4: I'm free!
.
I'm approximately 39 chicken nuggets tall.
The average length of a chicken nugget is 5 cm.

5 centimeters = 1.969 inches

I'm 6 feet 4 inches = 76 inches

76/1.969 = 38.59 = ~39

The size was found from a research study titled, "QUALITY CHANGES IN CHICKEN NUGGETS 
FRIED IN OILS WITH DIFFERENT DEGREES 
OF HYDROGENATION"

Exerpt: "Commercial, ready-to-fry and frozen chicken nuggets were purchased from a major local manufacturer. The average weight of the slab shaped chicken nugget was 21g. The size of the commercial samples was about 5 cm (length) x 3 cm (width) x 1 cm 
(thickness) (± 0.5 cm)."

Edit: I was not expecting this to take off! Thank you stranger for the gold, may you and everyone else be blessed by endless nuggets.
.
I finally get to eat protein! What should I eat first
I have a RARE Genetic disorder called Phenylketonuria where I am missing the enzymes to break down protein. The protein builds up and kills brain cells so I am put on a very strict diet of little protein and have to constantly keep track of what I am eating every day. 
I have been waiting for 19 years for this medicine to come out, they found the missing enzymes in a plant that can break down the protein and I will be able to eat real food without any risks! I began crying at this thought.
 Years of struggling with this diet and I can finally be in control. Any suggestions on what I should eat first? I've never had meat before. Looks delicious!  This is a big change in my life and I am ready!
.
It's easy to forget that people IRL don't generally get internet humor.
So today is my last day working in this office, as well as the last day for a fellow coworker. We're doing a casual little pizza lunch as a send off. Our supervisor comes into our joint office and mentions how few people are working today since it's a Friday. 

He says something along the lines of "I'll send out an email and if people come, they'll come. If not-" and I interject, "if not, it'll be like my 10th birthday party all over again."

The office got quiet.

They realized it was a joke shortly after but were very upset for a hot second.

Y'all have any similar stories?


Edit 1: I don’t think I have enough people explaining “humor” to me.. could I get some more?


Edit 2: Apologies, my dry humor once again has lead to a misunderstanding; edit 1 was entirely sarcastic.
.
My sister
So my sister works in a childrens nursery. In the nursery there was a child who was severly autistic to the point where he couldnt speak. The school said something like there was no point in teaching him how to speak or sign because he wouldnt get it. So they basically gave up on him. But my sister did not. She went out of her way to learn basic sign language and was able to teach him some. She would show him different animal cards and when she showed all she would get him to sign "more" in which my sister would then show them again. So the fact that others had give up on this boy and said he will never learn to speak but my sister was able to teach him basic sign language really makes me happy to see there is some really nice people out there. It may only be one word but i just thought i would share this story as i think its very heartwarming and nice.

Edit: i want to say that i have recently spoken to my sister and she said that it was the communication advisor for the child or something like that (dont quote me im not 100% sure) that had said he couldnt learn to speak. I dont know if it was the school that said this so apologies for any confusion ive made by saying that.

PS on behalf of me and my sister i want to say a big thank you for all your wonderful comments and stories you have decided to share with us. Its nice to see that theres an area where you can just go and talk to so many other nice people.


PSS my sister has commented on this post. I cant pin it. Her name is Jamiex0614.
.
I recently started exercising every time I die in a video game.
Every time I die, I'll either do 10 pullups, 20 push-ups, or 40 sit-ups. It's been helping me work out since I've fallen off the bandwagon lately. It also keeps me from getting too frustrated, since I get tired before I get to the point of ragequit. 

Do any of you have ideas for ways to fit exercise in using a fun method?
.
Today is my one year anniversary of no soda!!
I started this on a whim a year ago today. I had just started going to gym, trying to lose weight so I could ask the girl I liked to homecoming. In the year I moved on from her, asked someone else to prom, dated her for 8months, and just recently broke up.  I’ve been through a lot this year, but I’m happy to say that I’ve been strong this whole time! I don’t know how to celebrate, but I’m still happy!!
.
Today my husband and I bought a new bed, went grocery shopping, then came home and poured ourselves a drink. I just ordered Chinese takeout & about to watch Greys.
I don't want to brag, I want to share. My husband and i were once in a very dark place in our relationship and lives. We didn't have much, we struggled hard, but we continued on. Years later we have great careers, still renting and without children but we are young, and for the first time we are enjoying our lives and ourselves. If we can do it, you can do it. Feels good.

*Edit: thank you all for those that told me my post made you smile. For anyone also going through the motions, don't give up, because when you finally reach a point of not having to worry 24/7 you will APPRECIATE it.

**I also want to add our old bed is going to be taken to a charity in need
.
My 55 year old father has never really been into technology or the internet. Three days ago, he upgraded from his old flip phone to a smartphone. Tonight I recieved an interesting voicemail.
As the title says, my dad is pretty illiterate when it comes to computers, gadgets, the internet, and so on. Picture Hank Hill but divorced and without the Texas accent. He's pretty content to hang out in the garage tinkering with the car and whatnot when he's not working, and the only time he watches television is for football and the news.

Well, his old flip phone hasn't been charging properly lately, and much to my surprise he called me on Wednesday and said he had upgraded to a smartphone. About 10 minutes ago, I noticed that I had received a voicemail. I opened it and heard the following:

"Hey AbsolutelyUnlikely, this is your dad." 

I could already tell he was very intoxicated, which is unusual for him. He's a regular beer drinker, but he hardly ever drinks enough that you can really tell he's been drinking. Again, think Hank Hill. 

The voicemail continued, very slurred, "Hey so I was looking around the internet and I'm wondering what a meme is. Call me back."

My fellow Redditors, I feel like this is a very imporant and delicate conversation for a son to have with his father, almost like a reversal of the "birds and the bees" talk.

Any words of advice on how to explain this in a way that will ease my dad's transition into just how fucking weird the world has become? Thanks

Edit: Thanks for all the input! Off to bed now

Edit again: Thanks for the silver, kind stranger! My first reddit award, what a feeling. I'd like to thank my dad...without his innocent lack of internet savvy, none of this would have been possible.
.
Just dropping by to say that I love you
There’s too much hate in the world. I just wanted to remind you that we can love each other, and the best thing is that it’s easy! Share the love!

edit: thank you for my first silver!! 
.
I slapped a kid in the face today
Okay, calm down, he had it coming, I’m not advocating violence here. And he was maybe 13 or 14, who knows. 

So here’s the story, I was waiting for a bus this evening on my way home from work, and there were maybe a group of 6 - 8 young boys at the bus stop just hanging out, and they started throwing sticks at me. And I know that they really just wanted attention so I ignored them for 5 minutes, then I told them to “fuck off”, and that got them super excited and started throwing more sticks me. 

And at that point I just lost it, I turned around and asked who did it, bunch of them pointed to one, that boy was giggling and making a chinky eye face at me (I’m a tiny Asian girl), so I went up to him, grabbed his arm and slapped him in the face. On a scale of 1 to 10, I think that slap was a 7, it was loud, pretty solid considering this is the first time I ever slapped anyone.

And the other boys fled, the one got slapped was cursing and screaming, tried to kick me but failed, cursed more and made a lot more faces. I think they were definitely talking racist shit in Dutch (I live in Amsterdam), some adults at the bus stop started yelling back at them. They stood at the other side of the road, looking really salty, until the bus came and I got home. 

TLDR: boy throw sticks at me, boy talk shit at me, boy got slapped. 

Times like this always make me wonder what kind of parents these kids have. And what would an appropriate response be to kids just being really annoying in public. Not advocating violence here, but I did not want to just stand there and indulge that type of behavior. 

Also, this does not reflect the Amsterdam spirit at all, it’s an amazing city, everyone is welcomed here!! 

.
So I'll be getting a dollar raise next week which will bump me up to $14.50 an hour as a temp, which will officially be the most I've ever been making.
I can't really talk about this with anyone since the only people I ever see are my coworkers and it's generally considered taboo to talk about wages with coworkers, but I'm pretty damn stoked about this.

For starters I'm a 31 year old college dropout that lives with my parents, so I'm not exactly where I expected to be in my life at this point but I could be doing a lot worse. Just over 2 years ago I was making minimum wage working fast food jobs, wasn't exactly right in the head and my life kind of fell apart.

Took a seasonal job starting at $10 an hour in spring of 2016, got hired full time and worked there until October last year. Was making $14 an hour when I quit, too much drama and too many conflicting personalities made me decide I could do better. I quit smoking weed so I could get a job through a temp agency, which honestly was really fucking hard for me but it's starting to seem worth it now.

This job I started off at $13 an hour as a temp, it's a CNC operator job and when I get hired in I'm told by coworkers that I'll get a fat raise. Already got a 50 cent raise for going to 3rd shift, now we're starting a new 12 hour shift and I volunteered to work the weekend shift which came with an additional $1 shift premium.

So yeah, life seems to be looking up. This isn't exactly my dream job but it seems to be a perfect stepping stone to get my life back on track.

Edit: This blew up when I sleeping, a lot of people suggested trade schools and it's something I've considered but I really don't want to do blue collar work for the rest of my life. Ideally I'd like to work in the video game industry because it's something I've always dreamed of doing, so if I ever go back to school I'd be leaning towards that. For now I have to focus on paying off debt from my first failed college attempt and I'm getting close, should have it paid off in a couple years and then I'm free to do whatever I want.
.
I'm bi!
I'm an 18 year old male and have been suppressing my attraction to men for a while and have only realized it now. I still like girls to an extent, but I finally stopped fighting and realized I like men more than I like women. It feels like a huge weight lifted from me

I don't even know where to post this so I'm posting it here! I even found a nice guy that I'm really into pretty soon after! Extremely happy

EDIT: seriously why did you guys upvote this so much its very mundane
.
When I’m driving and someone’s making me mad, I always give them a thumbs up instead of a middle finger
There’s just something about it that is so much more satisfying, because I’m not being mean I’m just being kinda sarcastic. 
If I’m really mad at them, I’ll give them a thumbs down
.
I've never felt so positive & motivated to live my life to the fullest since crippling myself.
It's crazy. For years, I took my health for granted and never appreciated anything. I was depressed. I hated everything. I was always grumpy with the world for not appreciating me.

However, it wasn't until I slipped a disc in my back where it taught me a super valuable lesson. I don't need the world to appreciate me - **I need to appreciate me.** Me, and me alone. And since then, I've been driven to be the greatest man I can possibly be.

After being almost paralysed for a couple days and (quite literally) burning my back with hot water bottles, I've powered through the crippling pain and started training my body after thorough research to make sure it doesn't happen again. I've also learn a lot more about how the human spine works - which is a bonus! I can walk again, crouch again, and manouver my body freely after two weeks, and I'm so happy. The only thing I can't do yet is sit upright in chairs. However, I'm determined to be back to 100% by the end of the year!

Does anyone else want/need some motivation? I wanna bring people up with me!

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

EDIT: Oh my giddy aunt, I was not expecting this post to blow up at all. Thank you everyone for your lovely messages, and for letting my try and motivate you. Have to be honest though, I'm so burnt out! 😭 So forgive me if I don't do any more. I need a break.

Just remember, for everyday you live and breathe, you've got a chance to make a difference. I believe in change, and so should you. You owe it to yourselves to face your fears, and bring your future home. You can do this.

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

EDIT 2: To prevent it from happening, train your back. A muscular back will relieve pressure on the disks from your vertebrae. Deadlifts are the best exercise for this, but train with a PT first or someone experienced, **WITH SMALL WEIGHTS.**

A bad deadlift can cause injury. Which is what gave me a slipped disc in the first place. -_- but I'm more cheerful now so hoorah for my incompetence.
.
This breaks my heart.
Yesterday I was babysitting my cousin's kids (5yo, 6yo, 11yo). At one point in the evening my cousin's 11 year old son showed me a pressure sensitive light he had built out of scraps he found. I was genuinely very impressed with what he'd done, so he showed me the rest of the things he's built. Everything he was showing me was amazing. Granted it was standard circuit board work, but he's an 11 year old kid! On top of all this, he told me that he'd been working with this sort of stuff since he was 9! When he saw how amazed I was, all he said was "Thank you, no one else is interested in my stuff." I realized something at that point that hurt my soul: This poor kid is growing up in a society that's more enamoured by people who simply do what's expected of them, instead of being enamoured by those who go above and beyond. The fact that an 11 year old kid is being ignored, despite the fact that he's so much smarter than most kids his age, genuinely breaks my heart. All I can do is hope that his time of recognition comes soon, because this kid absolutely deserves it.

EDIT: Wow. You guys are all so amazing. The amount of support you're all giving is beautiful. I'm going to show my cousin's son all of these replies. I want to show him that he is supported by more people than he would have imagined. I'm sorry if I am unable to respond to everyone, but I want to say to all of you in this sub: Thank you for being wonderful people.
.
I volunteer to litter pick parks around where I live so that kids don’t have to play around needles, broken glass and general litter.
The amount of times that I’ve been doing it and a mother or carer have loud and blatantly told their kids not to go near the “smelly man”, “dangerous man” and the, I shit you not, “disgusting cunt”.  
I’m a tall, athletic 22 year old bloke and I’m well groomed, it just shows how people judge you for doing something that they deem below them! 

Yeah, by all means, be wary of any person wandering through the park, but don’t be rude! I’m trying to help! :)  

Edit - I don’t know why the flair says gaming
.
How often do you guys use upvotes?
When I started reddit I was very select about upvoting things, but now I find myself handing them out like candy at the end of Halloween. What about you?

Edit: Spelling
.
Does anyone else get 'Friendship crushes', where you have this urge to be someones friend because you realized they're amazing?
In the most non sexual or loveydovey way, sometimes when I find a person who seems so wholesome I get this weird crush want to be their friend. Mostly in a way that I really wanna get to know them and their thoughts and have cool conversations but also I want to be a part of their life. I'd apply myself to situations where we could get to know each other etc. All the absolute best friends I've ever had in the world were a result of this :)
.
Joined Reddit Today.
So as the title says, I officially became a member today and am super nervous about it. haha  I'm not really good at interacting with people (I'm older than the average Redditor and I also have Asperger's, which is the pits. ): ) so I hope to start with baby steps, taking everything in slowly posting on a few subreddits that interest me.  As I said, I'm nervous but kind of excited about it.  Anyway I just wanted to say hi and ask how everyone's day is going so far. :)

&#x200B;

Edit:  Thank you everyone for making my first experience on Reddit a memorable one.  I had lots of fun meeting so many new people and talking with you all tonight.  It was great!
.
I (18f) finally told my boyfriend (18m) I have aspergers!
So having aspergers is something I dont think I have fully accepted. I have known since I was 14 and am very high functioning so it doesn't affect my life that much, but its just the fact that aspergers is never talked about in the media, especially about high functioning females, so I've never been able to even talk about it face to face with anyone outside my family. 

We have been dating for about 4 months although talking for basically nearly a year. I was planning on waiting till after exams to tell him as I wanted to do it face to face but I just couldn't wait that long so I told him last night over text. 

Apart from my closest friends I have told one guy who treated my awfully (only would show any interest when drunk) which I think was because of me having aspergers and him being embarrassed by liking me. 

However, I literally couldn't have dreamed for a more perfect response from my boyfriend. He replied saying how he loved me for me and wouldn't change a thing about me and thanked me for telling him. He also said that if aspergers is part of my personality it helps make up a beautiful, funny idiot which you bet made me cry. 

He also instantly realised that his indecisiveness may have been causing me stress and apologised which is so validating to hear as I often feel extremely guilty for "overreacting". 

Anyway, as I really wanted to tell someone, but I'm not too comfortable talking about it to anyone I thought why not tell the whole of reddit! I am incredibly lucky to have my boyfriend and I love him a whole fucking lot!!
.
Does anybody else feel that they have no time to do personal/fun stuff during the week, but then can't think of any personal/fun stuff to do on the weekend?
I find this quite funny actually. During the week (I work 8-5 and then hit the gym for around 2 hours) I'm always complaining that I have no time to do fun stuff. I don't mean going out and hanging with friends or whatever. Just generic stuff.

Then during the weekend, like today for instance, I've got absolutely nothing to do, and can't think of any of the aforementioned fun stuff that I can do. I'm just sat here in front of the TV watching movies, scrolling reddit. I sometimes switch on my PS4 and play for about 10 minutes, and then realise that it's not really what I feel like doing.

In some ways, I feel like this is a sign that I'm satisfied with my life. Which makes me feel quite good to be honest. I don't need the weekend to fill some void. I've got a good/satisfying/challenging job, I give it my all at the gym to try and improve myself, and a loving girlfriend and family at home.

I've decided that throughout the next week, whenever I feel like doing something that I'm to tired to do at the time, I'm going to take note of it in my phone, and then revisit the list during the weekend.

Does anybody else ever feel like this? How do you usually fill your *bleh* time.
.
I sometimes feel bad for the comments that are downvoted for no real reason, so I upvote them to make their day a little better
I know they probably never notice, and it's kinda silly to like a comment just because you feel bad for them, but I just hope that when people see their comment go from -1 to 0 it makes their day just a little bit better

Does anyone else do this? 
.
My boyfriend's mom likes me and it makes me really happy
When we first started dating, she was kind of hard on me, but i think she more disliked the idea of her son being in a relationship than she actually disliked me as a person. 

But it's 7 months later now, and she wanted me in the Thanksgiving family photo this year. She's also taken to calling me "baby girl" (like she calls her own daughter) and told me today that she got me a christmas present and she's really excited cuz she thinks im gonna love it. 

It's just nice knowing that I've gotten the official seal of approval :-) his mom is an awesome woman, and i'm really happy that she considers me an official part of the family now. 
.
I just received fan mail
So a bit of a backstory, between the ages of 15 and 17 I was in a band called Static Pink, we played pop-punk (closest band would probably be 5 Seconds of Summer, Yellowcard or Tonight Alive), and we had a pretty decent following by the time I left - we had fans in Venezuela, the Philippines and more send us fan art and photos of themselves with big banners with our names and faces on them, it was pretty cool.

Skip 4 years and today I get a message from a woman in West Virginia who explains that she's been listening to our music ever since it was released, 5 years ago, and that her daughter is a massive fan and is asking for us to sign a copy of an album for her. I'm 21 years old by now, in university with an entirely different life, as are the rest of the band.

Just thought it was really cool to have someone, 4 years after the band broke up, still listening to the material we put out and still finding the time and effort to message me to explain how much they loved the music.

EDIT: Most popular post, thank you!
.
Just stepped on a roach barefoot.
Am traumatized. A roach got in and I was sweeping barefoot and didn’t see it and felt and heard a crunch and squish under my BARE FOOT and had stepped on a roach. Nothing more to say. Just gonna go jump off a roof now. 
.
You get an upvote! You get an upvote! Everybody gets an upvote!
But seriously, I'm terrible at upvoting. I'll genuinely appreciate a post or chuckle but I never remember to upvote. I've got to get in the habit of it starting today. Everyone have a good day/night! 😀

Edit: Everyone has been upvoted so far! Plus I've given away like 200 upvotes outside of this thread. I'm getting better!
.
Anyone else feel extremely nervous while posting on Reddit?
I lose my shit when I'm trying to post something. I end up putting way too much effort into the title, post and everything else because I am afraid that people might downvote me and disagree. Ok, putting it this way sounds stupid but I think you guys get what I mean?
What a time to be alive. I'm scared because of the darn internet
.
I made my dad cry at the mall today.
My dad, younger brother, and I went to the mall today and we were just about to leave when my brother saw the Nike store and said, "Dad, lets go look at the shoes." So we walked in and drifted to look around. My dad was just kinda walking around, not really expecting much. I walked towards him and noticed him looking at some black, red-laced walking shoes. I told him to try them on and asked him if they were comfortable and nice. He said they were, but then he looked at the price tag and put them back on the shelf. I picked them back up and said, "let's go." He then said, "no stop," but I took them to the register anyway and bought them. I turned to him and gave him the bag with the shoes. His eyes got really watery until  some tears fell down his face. He hugged me and said, "thank you." 

I know this doesn't seem like a big deal, but things are rough right now for him and my mom. After, 20 years of marriage and trying to fix things, they've given up and decided to called it quits. But I want him to know that even though that's over, I'm still here. He has me, he has my brother, he has people that still love and care for him. I love my dad very much and I'm glad I got to see him lighten up for the first time in weeks.


Edit: I just read every single one of your guys' comments and I cannot thank you guys enough for your kind words. I appreciate every single one of them from the bottom of my heart. Also, was not expecting to be gilded but thank you! 

Edit2: I get the "RIP inbox" now. You guys really do have some beautiful stories and thoughtful words. Another thing I hadn't realized was that I wrote my story in a gender-neutral way. For those that were wondering, I am his only daughter out of four. 
.
I got a CPAP machine yesterday and used it for the first time last night. Holy cow.
I literally cried in the shower this morning. I feel like a different person. I never realized how my entire morning routine was basically based on the presumption that I would be exhausted.

For people that don't know, CPAP machine is a machine that uses air pressure to treat sleep apnea. Sleep apnea is when you stop breathing at night and you have to wake up a little bit to start breathing again. For me, it happened about 25 times an hour. In extreme cases, it happens 100 or more times an hour. You're not conscious of it, so it's basically invisible  to you. The funny thing is, the only reason I went to the doctor in the first place is because my wife complained about me snoring at night.

I can't underscore enough how much better I feel. I had no idea how much apnea was degrading the quality of my sleep. It's one thing to *know* you have the disease, it's another to experience the tangible benefits of treating it. I never want to go back. I thought it would be hard to sleep with a mask on. But man, I haven't slept that well in... decades? I don't even know. I thought I tossed and turned at night and slept on my side because that's just how I am. Nope, it's because I can't breathe on my back. With the mask, I slept on my back peacefully all night.

I guess I'm just making the post because I'm sitting here at work and I just can't get over how much better I feel.
.
Proud on my daughter, want to share a feel-good story with you at the end of 2018
My oldest daughter (7) is autistic and very rarely verbal, so we hardly communicate with words. But just because of that we had probably one of the most fun holidays ever. I shared this story over at another subreddit in the comments, but I decided to share it with you good folks too :)

A year ago at christmas I was just playing the sims on my laptop. She casually sat down with me, and all she asked after a while was "try?", after which we just played the game together. That was the first time we actually did something together, and I feel we have grown incredibly the past year.

It has been an odd year at that, she has been diagnosed with a hormonal disbalance which caused puberty to hit WAY before it should, mainly causing her to grow rapidly at a young age. So often her body hurts and often people will think that she is behind for her age mentally while in fact she in ahead of her age physically. Though we are fighting through it and I am glad that she doesn't seem to get bothered by it too much :)

This year's christmas started off when we were buying a christmas tree. Left the youngest kids at home (with the babysitter of course) while I took my oldest daughter out christmas shopping. Starting off with a tree. We went to a huge yard with hundreds of trees stalled out and we both went looking for a pretty one. Whenever she found one she liked, she would stick her head out of a row of trees to peek into the row where I was searching. Scared the shit out of some people but I thought it was quite funny and cute.

We decided to stay away from home a bit longer (the babysitter knew that we could stay away pretty long that day, don't worry) and went to get something to eat at mc donalds. Now, I mentioned that she hardly speaks, but she does speak when she deems it the right thing to do, be it in as few words as possible. Everytime we eat at a restaurant where people are to put away their own trash (like mc donalds, at least around here) she makes sure to tell an employee that she did, as she believes doing so is a thank you to them.

That day, some teens just got up and got away. While timid, my daughter will move mountains when it comes to doing the right thing, so she got up and stood in front of them. puffed cheeks, arms crossed, and she gave them a firm "clean table" without showing any intention of mercy. I can tell you, those boys were not allowed to leave. Every time they pushed her away she got back in front of them while telling them once more to clean their table. Some other customers liked it, and backed her up. When the boys finally decided to clean their table, she returned to our own table and got a rewarded hamburger from someone who thought she did good. So not only did she feel proud at 'teaching someone proper manners', she was also happy to get another hamburger to eat. After that she was as quiet as usual again, but still obviously feeling proud.

With christmas come pretty clothes, and I can tell you, she is like me when it comes to that. My husband has occasionally adjusted my clothing to be less formal, as it looked as if I was going to a dinner with the king and queen rather than with his parents. But we ended up finding her a lovely little white dress, she loved it, I loved it, hubby didn't have a choice in the matter, so we bought it.

She bought a small box of lego star wars with her own savings, which she wanted for a few weeks. In the store she started gesturing some things, because some time ago she went to buy another box of lego at that store and at that time she didn't know what she wanted. Thus some employee in that store wanted to be the good guy and help her, which meant pointing her to the girls lego, as he thought that she couldn't pick because she was searching among the trucks, ninjas and space ships, the "boys lego". She just looked at him and grabbed some random star wars lego, saying "this shoots" and then she continued searching something in the "boys" area. This time she had quite a laugh about that moment. Such a small moment, but it felt good to relive it.

After she got her lego, we went back home to decorate the tree. She was done with decorating before we even started, as one of the balls fell and shattered. She didn't like the sound so she left. In the meantime she went building with her new legos, though she did like to plug the lights in at the end.

at christmas eve she first helped her little brother and sisters unpack their gifts before picking one for herself. We always let them pick one gift at christmas eve and save the others for the next days (in the netherlands we have christmas day on the 25th and second day of christmas on the 26th). She picked the largest box, which was a large lego city set. So she started building. Eventually she came to me with one of the books and a bag of bricks, while gesturing me to come. I firstly thought that she couldnt find something or got confused (which happens more often) but she wanted me to help her build, so we ended up building together. Not together on the same items, but each our own things to build. That was a first. We often build together, but she usually always wanted to build the new sets herself.

The next day she got to unpack half of the remaining gifts. Some more legos, some stuffed animals (her favorite being a stuffed creeper, from minecraft.) and Zelda for the switch. She didn't touch the new game yet, as she first wanted to finish playing pokemon let's go. Later that evening she wanted to play pokemon together, so we did.

It was quite a busy day with all the gifts and visiting my in-law's, so she was very tired at the end of it. She couldn't get to sleep so she entered my room with her stuffed creeper. She isn't one for hugs but that day she felt comfortable by snuggling really close, which allowed her to fall asleep.

Maybe a small thing to most, but I can say with confidence that moments like those easily knock everything else off the throne as the happiest moment of my life.


EDIT: thanks for the silver and gold, dear strangers! Happy new year, from my daughter and myself :D
.
Deleted my dating apps for good.
I had all the works. Bumble, Tinder, and Hinge. I’m 20 M and it just hasn’t worked out for me for the past 2 years. Never met a single person off the app, so it has led me to the belief that I will meet someone that is actively interested in me in person, whenever that may be.
.
Found a redditor at the movie theater today.
So I went to see the Alita movie, and when it ended, I walked out behind these two people who were talking about it. The guy was pretty heavy with black saggy pants and a black hoody, and the girl looked like she regretted her whole life.

The guy said "That ending was so disappointing. That whole movie was awful." 

She responded "I thought the special effects were pretty cool." 

So he said: "I'm too intellectual to be impressed by special effects. I just see through the lies and straight to the truth."

And that was the most pretentious, unintentially hilarious thing I've heard this month.
.
Only now noticed how cool and wholesome Japanese youth culture really is...
I’m a Brit travelling Vietnam. Tonight I was sitting in Hanoi just sipping my coffee. There were large groups of Japanese youths hanging around on the streets. In England youths doing this usually means they are smoking/taking drugs and generally up to no good. 

These Japanese kids not only were dressed like absolute boss’s with their unique street style, but after a while of watching them I saw how wholesome and warm they were with each other. They all seemed to have some kind of talent as well, one was street dancing, one had mastered a skate board, one was blowing insane vape rings... 

I really enjoyed watching them just hang out. It made me wish I could befriend them all! 

Then I remembered I’m a 31 year old uncool English person so it can never happen.

No idea why I felt the need to share this, but here it is. 
.
My in-laws are my biggest fans and it's so damn cute
I have a very strong relationship with my own family so I didn't expect to "adopt" a new one. But I swear, my in-laws are the cutest people in the world. I love them so much. They accepted me immediately and I feel like their daughter no matter what. I have some projects that involve social media presence and they are my biggest fans (they even earned some badges proving that 😂). It's really cute. I am from a different country and often times post stuff in a language they don't understand. It doesn't matter to them. They share my stuff, comment on it, watch the streams and root for me in general. Even if it's about games they don't understand at all. I feel just unconditional love from them. I feel so blessed. Really. 
.
Ever just feel like secondary friend?
It's weird to describe. I see a lot of posts on the internet of people saying that they don't have friends. I definitely have friends but the thing is I never feel like I'm anyone's primary friend. Like I'm probably the guy that people message whenever their true friends don't respond or can't go to something. Anyone else feel this way too? 

Edit: Speech to text sucks
.
I’ve been an avid mobile reddit user for a while now and i finally went on the desktop version for the first time today, and it sucked.
Heavily biased opinion here, but desktop is hard to navigate and it’s so tedious having to move the cursor all around the screen just to click in and out of posts( partly my fault cause I was using a track pad.) I firmly believe that mobile is the superior version.

Edit: woah, thanks for my most popular post, I’ve enjoyed talking with you guys 
.
When I wake up tomorrow, I'm beginning my 1 year Internet fast. For one year, I will only use the internet as necessary for school work. No social media. No reddit.
There is a quite I read today. It said that comparison is the thief of joy. There are few things that are so true.

I turn 25 soon. This year, I've lost 60lbs so far, I've gotten into a decent engineering school, I've become a well organized, and tidy person. And I've started a skincare routine that's really made my skin look a lot better. I've grown in maturity. I've read books (completely finished novels) for the first time in my life without being in school. 

I've made a lot of progress since January 1. But I've never been able to feel good about it. I know the reason why. I get online and all around I see people who are doing much better than me. I see people younger much farther along than me. I see women I know I couldn't attract right now. I see guys my age and younger who look like bodybuilders. I see so many beautiful, smart, amazing people doing incredible things that I want to do. But when I look at myself I only see how far behind I am. 

The thing I'm ashamed to confess is how close I've come to suicide multiple times this year. Each time I was close, it came in the hills of seeing someone online who I felt I couldn't compare to. 

Well no more. I'm taking the next 365 days to focus on me. I'm going to learn, I'm going to track my weight loss, I'm going to talk to a new person each day. I'm going to fake confidence until I'm not faking anymore. 

I'm only going to compare me to me. For the next year, I plan on being almost totally self centered aside from taking care of familial responsibilities. Hopefully I'll be happy come August 29, 2018. I'll see you on this account on that day. 
.
Stop being mean to Kevin Smith. He really doesn't deserve your vitriol.
Kevin Smith dodged death last night after surviving a massive heart attack. And all I'm seeing this morning are people posting statuses about how much he sucks, how awful Tusk was, what a stoner he is, how he hasn't made a good movie since the 90s. Kevin Smith doesn't make movies for anyone except for his fans, and his fans love him. I wouldn't even call myself a Kevin Smith "fan" (I don't listen to any of this podcasts and haven't seen much of his new work). All I know is that Kevin has spent two plus decades honoring his fans, giving his fans what they want, and being an open book about it the whole way. There are a lot of self-indulgent artists out there who deserve to be taken down a peg, but dunking on Kevin Smith has always stuck me as kind of lazy. And to do it less then twelve hours after he almost died isn't just lazy, it's also negative in a way that Kevin Smith never is.

Idk. What are your thoughts about Kevin Smith?
.
Since I’m currently unemployed and job searching, having a library card to check out e-books from the comfort of my home has been a great escape during a tough time
So I’ve been unemployed since November and am applying to jobs. On unemployment. Early in January I was finally able to renew my library card. Since then I’ve read 4 books and am a third of the way through my 5th book. Currently reading Hillbilly Elegy and just finished Between The World and Me. I haven’t read this much willingly since I was in elementary school.

**Edit 1**: For those that have asked I actually haven’t listened to audiobooks except for two on a road trip with a friend. I tend to listen to podcasts a ton though would consider if I had long periods of driving time. My goal is to read 25 books this year though I think at my rate 50 or more is doable. Also though employment is great, unemployment has allowed me to do some soul searching (starting the process) and read more so far then I’ve ever read before. I’ll respond more tonight or tomorrow as I’m headed out with friends. 

**Edit 2**: I have a Goodreads account, I recommend it to everyone! Also Libby is fantastic and even allows to check out audiobooks.
.
I just quit my job.
I just quit my shitty restaurant job. It was actually quite well paid, but the owners were dicks who threatened to remove hours and fire me all the time, so this time I just told them I am not coming this weekend, and I quit. Feels good man! Gonna go snowboarding now to relax :) 
.
Met a pretty woman at a dog park. A few days later she was there again. That night I installed a dating app and she was the first person it recommended to me.
Kind of weird how that worked out, I thought. So I messaged her and told her about it and she gave me her number.

For clarification, the app is Plenty of Fish. I went to my "ultra match" list and she was number one.
.
I have made it to day 3!
Honestly didn't think I'd do it this time but I'm on day 3 of no smoking and I feel pretty good all the way around. Got a good nights sleep woke up did my hair and make up, cleaned the house, got the kids all taken care of. Feel motivated today and just honestly good about life and proud of myself :)
.
I just finished watching all the Marvel Cinematic Universe films for the first time.
Did it over the course of a couple weeks in chronological order, from Captain America to Infinity War. I never really had any interest in watching them, as I don’t particularly like action movies, but I was bored and have some stressful shit goin that I needed a distraction from, so I said “fuck it, why not?”. 

I was pleasantly surprised! They’re so much more than action films. I didn’t realize how funny they were. Found myself actually cracking up on occasion. And crying lol. I’m legit sad I didn’t jump on this bandwagon earlier.

Now I just have to watch Endgame!

Edit: Holy crap, this blew up! I guess while I’m at it, I should add that another big reason I decided to watch the series was specifically because of the chill fan base. I was never made to feel bad about not watching the movies. I was never hounded by anyone. When I told people I’d never seen the films, the response was always a simple “Oh man, I’m so jealous that you get to watch them for the first time”. So I guess thank you for being a nice fan base haha. I’ll try to respond to comments throughout the work day!

Edit #2: Hey thanks so much to the douchebags who inboxed me spoilers to Endgame! I’d actually successfully avoided spoilers till now, so really, thanks so much for that...

**UPDATE** : Saw Endgame. And just...wow. Wow wow wow wow. There’s literally so many things I loved about it, I don’t think I’d have time to name them all.

Except Fat Thor. Fat Thor was truly a gift.
.
I'm a Toys R Us employee, I have to be at work at 7 tomorrow, and I can't even think about sleep right now.
As Toys R Us closes I get to look at it from the side of the employees. It's been a weird couple of days and its a bit surreal. The last thing I needed in my life was to lose my job, and that's what is about to happen. 

While I'm incredibly depressed about my job and other things in my life. I do whatever I can to keep my mind off of the bad stuff. So I'm up to talk to anyone who wants a conversation. Im gonna be up a while.


Edit (6:10am): I fell asleep and woke up to more comments than I can imagine. After work i'll be back to answer the ones I missed overnight. 


.
A coworker just discovered my previous Reddit username and I had to delete my account. I was in the five-year club. And not I'm starting afresh.
It was such a silly mistake. A post she knew I shared because it was content we'd created together. 

I didn't delete my account because I had weird stuff on there that I was ashamed of. I just loved the privacy of it. I'm not on Facebook, Instagram, Twitter or any of the other public social media forums. I just don't like the experience of them. But over the years, I've come to see Reddit as my safe-anonymous-space. I love that I can talk to people without the pressure of who I am coloring the conversation. On Reddit, I'm only as smart or stupid, funny or mean, and silly or insightful as the comment that I'm writing. 

I'd gotten 13k karma in the five years that the account existed in posts and comments. It was never a landslide of upvotes, just a few here and there. I liked it that way, though. I liked the smaller, niche, tight-knit subreddits where I usually posted—there weren't too many people at a time but the ones that were around wanted to be there and cared about the community.

I guess I'm writing this because I feel weird. I don't care about fake internet points...so why am I upset my account is gone? Maybe it's the longevity of it all. Five years that have seen me through different continents, professions, and mindsets. It feels like I'm starting afresh in more ways that one. Even though my old account has only been gone five minutes.   

Edit: Meant to say 'now' in my title. Sorry for the typo. 

Edit 2: This has started so much conversation and I'm really enjoying replying to you guys. I'm going to keep replying all through today. I love hearing all your stories! ...These upvotes are making me nervous, though. My plan, if I'm discovered again, is to deny everything and say that this could be anybody.  
.
A few days ago, a girl on the bus that I didn't recognize gave me a very warm smile.
More than anything I was puzzled by it, I had no idea why that smile would be directed at me in particular. I even looked behind me to see if there was anyone else she was looking at, despite sitting in a corner. When she got off the bus, we both exchanged big smiles and waves, with me still as puzzled as ever as to why we were doing this. I felt pretty happy afterwards for a while with the thought of someone smiling warmly at a stranger like that. People don't really tend to do that, myself included, even though it has the power to make someone's day the way it made mine.

I saw her on the bus again a couple of days later, and this time she was drawing in a sketchbook, and that's when I realized why she was smiling at me: Nearly a year ago, one of the bookstore clerks at my university had some amazing Kirby art at her counter. While she wasn't there when I was buying books, I made a quick second stop later on to compliment her art in person.

Once I recognized her, I talked to her for a bit, and she told me that the art she was drawing was for an online customer. I didn't talk to her for very long, as she seemed as shy as I was, but I felt happy that her business was getting customers like that.

After the bus ride, I thought to myself: How did she instantly recognize me? We hadn't seen each other in nearly a year, and I'm too average-looking to stand out in a crowd. I'm a pretty shy person, so I was there for under 15 seconds and barely made eye contact. But, even just the single compliment stuck with her for months. 

Tl;dr: Person I didn't recognize on the bus warmly smiled at me, I realized later that it was because I complimented her art months earlier, and that compliment stuck with her to this day. It can seem hard to make a big difference, but if you want a super easy way to make a significant positive difference for someone, whether over the internet or in person, compliment something that they've made.

Edit: I just want to let everyone that has positively responded know that you have all done the same thing that I did: Made some stranger's day! You do that most every time that you positively respond to someone on the internet through this sub or elsewhere, so realize the positive effect that you've had on the world and be proud of yourselves!
.
I have 1 year sober today! I should be dead but here I am!
I never thought I'd make it to one year. My liver recovered, my cholesterol has gone down, I'm losing weight at a steady pace, and my memory has improved. I'm so grateful to be here.

Edit: my first reddit gold! Thank you!!

Edit 2: it's way too overwhelming to reply to everyone but thank you so much for the positive thoughts and well wishes! You guys are awesome :) 
.
(UPDATE) Every single day for the past few weeks, a lizard has come into my backyard and done push-ups for literal hours straight. When I wake up to eat breakfast, I see him out there doing push-ups. When I eat dinner at night, he's still there. I think I'm going to get my ass kicked by a lizard.
Hello friends, when I woke up today I still saw the damn lizard taunting me outside the window. When I went outside it didn't run away this time so I was able to get a way better look and [recording](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3Xyq9G8mz_s) of this muscular monster. 
I've been informed that it's mating season for lizards, so I guess the lizard is either trying to mate with me or assert his dominance. Probably the latter. 

I've spent the last two days of my free time recording (I'm pretty proud of the new footage I got) and deciphering whether or not a 5-inch lizard is going to assassinate me. How are your days going?
.
I finally deleted the Facebook app from my phone
I’ve been so sick of Facebook recently but felt as though I was stuck on there because of how many people contact me on there. But today I just thought fuck it and told everyone I’m deleting the app albeit keeping messenger and it’s gone! I want to feel like a weight has been lifted from my shoulders but maybe that will come in the weeks to come when I realise that I don’t read any of that crap anymore!

Edit: I’m proud to have inspired so many people to follow in my footsteps
.
Four Years Nicotine Free.
Hey Everyone,

&#x200B;

Today marks 4 years cold turkey on cigarettes.

&#x200B;

From 16 years of age to just after my 30th birthday, I went cold turkey. Suffered through the most intense migraine I have ever experienced, and then, while crying in absolute pain, I felt (and somewhat heard?) a loud snap, and just like that, the migraine stopped.

&#x200B;

My family doesn't know any of this (It's true what they say - the more strict the parent, the better liars your children become); plenty of sneaking around, hanging out with friends with the same habit, it was easy to pass the smell off as theirs. Not gonna lie, even though the nicotine has long gone, it's the keeping the hands busy that I'm still trying to shake. 

&#x200B;

Anyways, just wanted to share this milestone. Hope wherever you are in your current hour, that you are doing well. :)

Edit: As it is written in reddit lore, I humbly thank the generous souls who bestowed the shinies on this individual and her victory over big tobacco.

Also thank you to the lovely folk who shared their victory stories here with me; I hope we continue to inspire each other. :)
.
Kissed a stranger and can't stop smiling!
While eating lunch and waiting for my 4pm class yesterday, I started chatting with a guy waiting on his own class. We had over an hour to kill before our classes and decided to walk and chat. 

He's kind of funny and I totally didn't get that we were flirting because I'm almost 22 and have never been in a relationship or close to one. Eventually he asked if he could kiss me and I said sure and it was my first kiss! It was a little awkward at first, but then it just got better and better and I haven't stopped smiling since. He wrapped his arm around me and kept flirting and we kissed a bit more behind a pillar and I walked him to his class because he didn't really know where the building was (at least that's what he said). We held hands and kissed some more outside of the building his class was in and it was just absolutely perfect. The exact way I always imagined my first kiss going, but still a total surprise and in the moment sort of thing. 

Not sure why I'm here really. I guess I just want to tell someone. I'm definitely not about to text my parents, and my girl friends can kind of be man-haters and probably would just say I'm being dumb and I really just want to see that hour as the sort of perfect moment it was. 
.
This is the best time of my life
Im 15 and i've never really had any friends at all up until now. Almost two months ago some people invited me to hangout with them and when I did i was awkward at first. But surprisingly, they wanted to hang again because they thought i was funny. Through the long line of events i've met new and cool people. I just needed to tell somebody somewhere. 

Remember if you feel lonely there are always good times ahead.
.
I worked security at a Kesha/Macklemore show tonight
I was working in the barricade. Macklemore kneeled down on a speaker next to me, put his arm around me, took my hat off, put it on his head and then put it back on my head backwards. I'm not a big fan, but I gotta say he put on a hell of an energetic show and this was probably one of the coolest moments in my life. People got it on video and I'm hoping a video or picture surfaces.

Edit:
[Proof](http://imgur.com/wKmWCHE)
.
I always wear headphones at college to avoid talking to people, and today I took them off early.
I always keep headphones in and music playing between classes at university.  I'm a generally shy person; unless I already know you I won't make an effort to make small talk. 

Today we had a test and I took my headphones off to study a little more intently before our exam. There's a fellow who sits next to me and seems kind enough. Then he straight up asks if he can cheat off me. I say no. Then he offers me *$5* to let him see my answers. I stayed up til 2am studying for my exams today, so I politely declined without making a big deal out of it. But come on, we're in our 20xx/30xx level classes. If you're going to cheat, do it yourself.
.
so... I found a hamster in my room!
I was watching netflix and I heard my rats shuffling around more than they usually do, so I sit up and turn my phone screen to them and I see a fluffy white blob sitting right outside their cage! initially I think it's my albino rat, winnie, so I freak out and get up as quickly (but as calmly) as I can as to not startle her. upon further inspection I find out that it's a quite plump syrian hamster! have no fuckin clue how it got here or where it came from. I live in a ventilated garage so it might have snuck in from outside which, even then, is still bizarre to me. someone might have let it go or lost it. ).: for now I have him in a fairly adequate container with bedding, food and water, along with a little log he can hide and sleep in. I would love to take him in and call him my own but he might be someone else's. plus, I have 9 other animals. other than sleep i really have no other options on what to do rn. so I might just wait it out until tomorrow.

Update: picture of the hammy on my profile!
.
Parents: please teach stuff to your kids
So I have these neighbors down the street who I’ve never spoken to in person, but I always see them out and about. They live close enough to me so I can see them out my window.

It’s a couple with three kids, and every evening, literally every evening, they go outside with their kids and play basketball in the driveway, or let their kids do jump rope, or play catch, or whatever else. I usually am cynical and think they’re being snooty, to make the people around them think a certain way of them. Last night, I looked out the window and there they were again.

However, when I looked outside again a few minutes later, it was just the dad and young son. They were playing basketball, and it seemed like they were pretty into it. They were both moving pretty fast, and the kid caught every pass, and just seemed confident with what he was doing.

I don’t know why, but this just totally painted them in a different light for me. What I now saw was a dad putting in time with his kid to teach them sports and social skills. This kid’s like 6, and he’s already on his way to having good coordination and being able to play basketball. I’m in my 20s and he was displaying coordination I don’t have myself.

Anyway, this just made me think of how important it is to spend time with your kids, teaching them valuable things. Not only does it give them a head start in developing motor skills, but it’ll boost their confidence in other areas of their life. Can anyone attest to this?
.
I think it just happened!
My wife and I have been trying for a child for a little while now we are both 27, she has been late this last week but the tests kept coming back negative. TODAY she took a test and it came back positive! I’m gonna be a father! I just wanted to tell someone!

Edit: thank you all so much for the love and encouragement you have shown me.

Edit: thank you for the gold stranger 😄
.
I’m just very angry tonight trying not to be.
Stress gets you sometimes and it comes out on the wrong things or people. Hate when it happens and try to stop it before it starts. But it didn’t work tonight. Drinking wine on the porch alone. Cheers to everyone else that had a rough day. 
.
I never really wanted to be a scientist.
This is something I was thinking of recently for whatever reason. I remember being a kid, all I wanted was to be a scientist. I was obsessed with it and I couldn't wait to have more science classes in school, and it was my dream to discover something awesome.

Looking back, I realize I never actually wanted to be a scientist. I just liked the idea of "kid science." Actual science involves balancing equations, writing papers, collecting data, counting random things under a microscope, etc. Looking back, what I thought was "science" was just random trivia, making things fizz in jars, and building rube Goldberg devices or things that made static electricity.

Just kind of a funny thought.
.
My brother in law just specifically asked for a hotel room near the gym so he wouldn't have to walk so far to get to the treadmill.
He's actually doing really good at losing weight, and I'm incredibly happy for him. But I'm not sure the irony of that request has occurred to him...
.
Life
I met a boy in a Pokemon chat room when I was 14. When we were 17 we started online dating. 12 years later we got married and he immigrated to Canada. Today marks our 4.5th anniversary :) We had to even live apart for a year until immigration was done.  Since marriage we bought a house and adopted a third cat. Things are perfect.
Life is fascinating how it plays out :)
.
Thank you older random man
I was just biking around town holding a construction works helmet in my hand. Needed to bring it to a friend. 

Some random old Guy at the side of the Road yelled I should wear the helmet. To please the man I did. 10 minutes later, my front wheel got stuck in a little hole in the pavement and I did a 1.5 Flip in the air and landed on the middle of my head first on the pavement and then got grazed by the rest of the concrete pavement. 

So now, yes I got grazed up, but I didn't have a severe head injury thanks to that random older man. Might he be my Guardian angel?
.
I finally got over 500 karma!
I've been on Reddit nearly a year and I comment on different posts and I check regularly what my karma is. This may be trivial, but this is just something I seem to care about. And I finally got over 500! Just wanted to share in my happiness :)

Edit: nearly 2 years, not 1. My bad.

Edit again: you guys got me over 600 now! Thank you! 

Third edit: you got me over 1k! I never expected this, but thank you guys so much! You're awesome. Keep on being amazing!
.
How I pass my time shopping with my girlfriend
We have come to an agreement that she gets to take me on shopping sprees on the condition that I get to fuck around and embarrass her for a laugh.  Today she went shopping for earrings for her mum's birthday which took practically forever,  so I passed the time discussing the magic stats of various pieces of jewellery with the clerk and shoppers. I was somewhat more amused than she but that's the goddamn deal.
.
My boyfriend thought "season to taste" meant season until you can taste it and I couldn't love him more.
We were cooking together and he said that the recipe didn't specify how much salt and pepper to use. It had just listed them in the ingredients. I told him it's based on how salty he likes the food and to season to taste.

He said that's not what he thought season to taste meant and that he would just salt it until you can barely taste the salt.

It kind of just made me realize how much we're learning from each other and that this is something he's trying to do learn for me even though he doesn't like to cook.


.
My 9/11 experience. Just need to tell someone.
I was 16. 

My dad traveled a lot when I was growing up. We rarely even knew where he was going because it was a weekly occurrence. 

I was watching at school and was pulled into the principals office some 45 minutes-hour into the event. They all seemed very empathetic and excessively caring towards me and for the life of me couldn’t figure out why. I was a bit of case so this was out of the ordinary for me. 

My mom showed up with both of my grandmas shortly thereafter and told me dad flew into NYC that morning and they weren’t able to get ahold of him. My grandpa (dads dad) had passed in March and 9/11 was his first birthday since passing; so understandably my grandmother was a wreck. 

It was as close to an out of body, movie scene, surreal experience as I’ve had...driving home with them wondering if this was it. It was so extreme and far-fetched it almost didn’t bother me. I tried cracking jokes and lightening the mood because I was so uncomfortable and didn’t want to think about it. They didn’t even correct me; I don’t think they even noticed. 

We watched at home for what felt like hours and hours but was probably only 45 minutes or so. Each phone ring; we crowded around my mom. Finally, dad called. He was ok. Only then did it hit me. The severity of the situation. 

I went outside with our dog and lost my mind. I learned to appreciate my dad in a way that’d I’ve never felt before. 

He somehow pulled off a rental car and took 4 people back to our house 4 states away that night, then let them take the car and carry on to their eventual destinations. 

A life changer for sure. Hug your dads.

Edit: This in no way is meant to belittle the experiences of those who were less fortunate than me that day. I cannot fathom their loss and shock. May you all have peace.
.
So I think reddit cured my depression...
I was depressed to the point which I didn't want to leave my room and I always had to throw a fake smile, till I found reddit as a great way to not only pass time but to have a true smile, I wondered around for a while checking all the sub-reddits for things I like and found new people to talk to. Probably the best choice I've made in my life. I've been talking to alot of people and even socialising with my friends again tellimg them about the things I find that made me happy. Thanks to all on this site for making me a better person and realizing there is happiness and life is what I make it.
.
So I just got a warning on my cell phone... The type of noise for an Amber Alert or Flash Flood... But it says "MISSILE INBOUND SEEK SHELTER THIS IS NOT A DRILL"
I just went to my car and checked a few radio stations, but none of them are even mentioning it. 

Nothing on the news... wth?

Did someone hack the alert system for hawaii and send out a bogus alert?

Edit: False alarm! :) Back to mellow Saturday morning. thx for sharing the news 
.
Anyone else that loves being up early?
So it’s the coziest morning ever. We have a guest over, a friend of my husband. He’s fast asleep. My husband is too. I’m up baking sourdough bread and swedish christmas buns with saffron (lussebullar). Everything is dead quiet, it’s pitch black outside. I just heard the neighbours icelandic horses whinnying, but the falling snow mutes all sounds. The time is 7:16 here and I feel like I’m the only one left alive  on earth. I might be a bit hungover, but just enough to make me calm. I’m gonna give those guys a wonderful breakfast. Maybe I’ll even churn some butter, as I used to work at a artisanal dairy. 

The kitchen smells wonderful and it will be at least an hour before anyone wakes up. This is my favourite part of the day.

Edit: Holy shit, this blew up. Super cool, and I love you all - I’ve gotten so many wonderful comments that I’ve smiled all day! I don’t even have time to reply to them all, please don’t take offense! I’d love to, but there simply isn’t enough time.
.
I love my husband AND his social anxiety.
Yesterday, my husband ended up at a drive through coffee shop after work. He was expecting the McDonalds set up with a posted menu and a speaker box, so when he pulled up and was face to face with a human, he panicked. The first thing he saw on the menu was called a "not too hot." His order went something like this...

"Uhh, Uhh, I'll get a not too hot."

"Do you have kids?"

"What?"

"Sir, that's a kid's hot chocolate. Are you ordering for a kid?"

"No. Uh Uh, can you make it big?"

"How big?"

"Medium."

And that's the story of how my husband ended up with a hot chocolate when he wanted coffee.
.
I Just Passed My Driving Test!
I’m so happy!!! 

I don’t know who to tell but this is the best I’ve felt in years!!!

Thanks to anyone who sees this, just wanted to share it :)

Edit - I’ll get around to all of your comments dw :)

Another edit - Thanks for all the comments guys, I didn’t realise so many people would be happy for a random stranger on the internet. Cheers for the messages, they were heartwarming and made me feel even better than I did before. All you taking your test soon, I’m sure you’ll pass and I have all the confidence in the world in you guys/gals. I’ll still try replying to comments but I’ll have to do it when I wake up. You guys are the best :)
.
I left my wallet with $454 cash in a Barnes and Noble bathroom today
I remember the exact amount as it was all of the money I had to my name. 

After a shockingly rapey turn of events last week (I did not know this, but if you're behind on debt to a state University, they can take every last cent from your bank (or in this case, credit union) account, I had no money left at all. They cleared me plum out in one fell swoop in the name of a "tax levy". It wasn't a great deal of money to most, perhaps, but to me that $1,440 was months of working hard and scrambling to put a bit away, in my case to get out of a really bad, verbally abusive house/relationship. 

Yes, it's totally my fault. But it was a hugely devestating reality to face as a person without a degree or much income, despite working my butt off. 

Anywho, feeling deeply betrayed by my credit union/college/the state/etc, and also fearful it may happen again, I cashed my last paychecks, feeling that at least the state government couldn't get my money if it was in my wallet. I have every intention of paying them back when I'm able, but I have more pressing bills to pay right now, I'd like to keep eating, etc. 

So, today I did something dumb. I left my wallet in a bathroom stall at Barnes and Noble, where I'd been with a disabled client I work with. 

I didn't realize until we were at Aldi, to use his meager $12 monthly food stamps to get something to make lunch with. Well....

I called B&N, someone had turned it in, and I drove back a nervous wreck to pickup my wallet at the resister, only to find Every. Single. Dollar. still in my wallet. All four hundred and fifty four of them! Ahhhh!

Immense gratitude abounded! I ended up buying my client a bunch of groceries, on me, and cooking him up 10 individually wrapped meals for the week. My tiny way of paying it back. 

Thank you kind, honest soul who turned in my wallet! Thank you kind, honest soul at the resister who left it be. 

Thank you, thank you, thank you universe! 

Feeling very grateful tonight!
.
I accidentally made a woman cry today [Update]
UPDATE: 

She came in for her appointment on Monday. I wasn't working, but I had an event around the same time, so I waited for her. When I saw her come in, I gave her my biggest "Well!?" face and she smiled at me kinda sadly and said "I haven't heard anything yet." It was heartbreaking. I was hoping for something good to happen to this girl and not getting a job you really gave your all for is such a discouraging feeling. I'm sure we've all been there. I did my best to reassure her that it's only been a few days and there's still time. You could tell that part of her had given up. She told me that she's really not qualified to do much else, but she started looking for other potential jobs. 

Yesterday, as I was leaving work, I'm walking through the parking lot when I hear a car honking relentlessly at me, scaring the poop into my scrubs. I look around and there's that girl. She gets out of her little car in the middle of the parking lot, engine running, door open, people looking and driving around her suddenly stopped car. 

She's screaming, "I GOT IT! I GOT IT! LOOK!" 

And I look. She puts her hands on her hips and poses in her new uniform. It was such a simple uniform, but she wore it with such pride. I hug her again as she's screaming excitedly and congratulate her and say "I wanna hear all the details, but you should probably move your car first." 


EDIT: Thank you, stranger, for the platinum! I've never had a medal before, but you certainly know how to make a pretty average girl feel like I'm doing something right. 

EDITx2: Thank you, second stranger, for the silver! I have the warmest feelings and the biggest dumb smile on my face because of you and everyone here! 
__________


ORIGINAL POST:

I work a second job as an RN in an OB-GYN clinic and a woman (late 20s) came in at 1:00pm for an appointment that was scheduled for 2:00pm. She was told that she was an hour early to her surprise as she thought her appointment was at 1:00. She politely said she would like to reschedule as she had a job interview at 2:15. 

No problem. She scheduled with the front desk while I made small talk and asked her what she had applied for. She responded with "Oh it's just a laundry attendant at an elderly home." I told her, it's not JUST a laundry attendant and she shouldn't sell herself short that she's doing a job that's JUST a laundry attendant. Honestly, nothing beats that feeling of getting into a nicely made warm bed that smells like fresh laundry. Plus there are 100 other things she could be doing instead of trying to make an honest dollar. 

She laughed and said "I'm just so nervous, I lost my uncle a couple days ago and I just really hope I get this job." At this point, she started to tear up, saying  it's been so hard for her and she's glad she got the appointment wrong and that she felt good having stopped in before her interview. 

Hugs were made and about 7 people cheered for her as she left. 

She has her appointment on Monday and I really hope she got it. 

.
Who else uses reddit because they feel lonely in real life?
The issue is that I *know* I’m not lonely. I have a wonderful girlfriend and a group of people I can call friends. sometimes it’s self inflicted sometimes I don’t want to talk to anyone. Anyone else have that? 
.
I wish I could thank my lunch lady from high school
In high school I had free lunch because of my family's financial situation. I always went through the same line with this really sweet lunch lady. I would hide an extra cream cheese or milk underneath my plates or trays. One day I went to buy an apple, separate from my free lunch. I pulled out my change and she quickly told me to just take it without paying. 

At that point I realized that she had known the whole time. I hope that somehow she just might know how much that meant to me and how thankful I am.
.
When I was a kid I just assumed that the police, fire department, and hospital were all free city amenities to keep people safe and healthy. I was shocked in 6th grade to learn that people are going bankrupt from not being able to pay their hospital bill.
It just seemed so obvious to me as a child that these should be taken care of by the government and you shouldn't have to worry about paying a bill if you need to call 911.
.
Why I stay silent on reddit
I feel I should speak my mind on this subject. I rarely comment on any post or make post on anything. There is a reason behind. Its mainly due to the following.

1. No matter what I say, everyone will disagree with me. I could be as in depth as I want, everyone will still disagree with me. This is mainly on gaming subreddits.

2. Every joke is taken. I end up not saying anything because of it. Again, mainly on gaming subreddits.

3. My post and comments will end up getting buried by everything else.

4. Someone else could make a post on a subject and everyone agrees with them, but when I do the exact same thing, all of a sudden, everyone disagrees with me. Ties in with reason 1.

I don't know, what do you all think on this?

Edit 1: Something something I am on front page. Seriously, I didn't expect this post to get here. I just wanted to speak my mind and look where it got me

Edit 2: My first gold! Thanks kind stranger!

Edit 3: ANOTHER GOLD! THANKS STRANGER! The responses are overwhelming guys! Thank you! <3
.
A random professor told me to move to a less solitary spot while waiting for my mom, as a precaution. I thought it was nice --, and almost cried.
I was waiting for my mom outside of a building in my university that's near the parking lot, and I was sitting on some steps, off to the side, behind a wall. I notice this professor leaving, going to his car, then a few moments later I hear him ask me who I'm waiting for. 

"My mom" 

"Maybe you should go inside the building, it's really lonely out here. It's best to be safe."

"Okay, thank you" 

"Maybe sit on the front steps if you want, where others could see you"

"Okay" 

And I almost cried. I felt kind of embarrassed and overwhelmed, but also touched, a little. That was such a nice thing, I think. To sort of suggest I go somewhere "safer" because it was lonely outside. He didn't have to do that, or say anything, or care at all. Even if he didn't care at all, the fact that he said that was really nice. It's probably a little weird to think that's nice or feel like crying because of that, but I don't know, he didn't have to say anything to the random girl he doesn't know. But he did, and I thought that was really nice of him. 
.
My coworkers just bought me Enchroma Colorblind glasses to help me see
This is pretty crazy. Last week, my manager said we had an employee meeting, for today at 3:00. I got there a bit late because I forgot about it, and I went inside. They had me work for a bit, then the general manager led me outside saying “look at these new sun glasses I bought. Try them on outside. 

I put them on as I got outside, and they all surprised me with balloons, crayons (lol), and they all pitched in to buy these glasses (which cost several hundred dollars). 

I appreciate them. That was one of the nicest things anyone’s ever done for me. I feel weird accepting things, but I’m not letting that bother me. 

I just feel different. I love them all. I didn’t know what sub to post this to, and I wanted to write this out. Have a blessed day guys. 
.
My penpal ghosted me after a year of daily conversations
I met an online friend from an app and basically we talked everyday. He is one of the nicest person I have ever met but we are located far far away from each other so there is no chance of us meeting up lol. We talk about everything almost everyday.

So recently he got a girlfriend and things change. Eventually he ghosted on me and it's just feel kinda sad lol. I mean everything is definitely platonic but I do miss this friendship a lot. Well no hard feelings but I do wish him all the best in his life. 

Feels like a nice closure to be talking about this here.

Edit: I never expected this to blow up! Really appreciative of the DMs and comments, I am sorry as replies will be slow as I am busy atm (definitely not going to ghost) 

You guys reminded me of how wonderful the online community can be. 
.
I may never have a top post, but I love getting comments from people on my posts
We would all probably like to get a post to the top or be given Reddit gold from a kind stranger, but I realize how unlikely that could be for me. That being said. I get so much enjoyment from the few comments I do receive on a post, regardless of it's popularity. You guys are awesome!

Edit: Thanks for my first gold! I never expected this post to blow up like it has. Thank you all for keeping me company this Saturday!
.
I am from a very poor, rural area. Neither of my parents graduated from high school. At 25 years old, I have now returned to college. I know I can do this.
My entire family history is marked by poverty. My parents grew up Appalachia poor. My mother was raised in the mountains with no running water and very rarely had electricity. Her family ate only what they could hunt or grow. My father was slightly better off, but his father died young, and he had to start working and hunting and fishing to feed them. While my mother later got a GED, my father had some kind of learning disability that made reading and writing difficult. He never went back for any kind of diploma. To this day, I cherish all of his notes from my childhood. Each one was handwritten in large, all capital letters, carefully spaced and spelled. "I love you, pumpkin!" "You are beautiful!"

I never knew my grandparents. Like many of the people in these areas, they lived hard lives, and died young. 

My parents worked hard to provide a good life for us. We lived almost middle class. We rented for most of my childhood, but we were renting a large house with a yard. We had a dog. Dad hunted to feed us still, but it was supplemental, not a necessity. One of my brothers managed to go to a community college, and then a university. 

I have a good job. Both my husband and I are making 20+ dollars an hour, and in a rural area like this that supplies a good life. The work is physically damaging, however. We are in warehouses, throwing 80, 100, 150lb freight, and we have to be fast. We have to drag and pull and push it, because there's no time for help lifting. My back hurts everyday. My arms, my legs, I'm covered in hard muscle, but everyday is exhausting. I'm 118lbs. I can not do this forever. I have 40 year old co-workers that are about to tap out. They just can't do it anymore. My husband has lost hearing from the loud buzzers in his area, but is heavily discouraged from using ear plugs.

I am back in college now, and after my first two years I will be at a university. I tried when I was 18, but I was living on my own and recovering from a brain injury. I couldn't do it then, but I am doing it now. I am intelligent. I will drag my family out of this hell hole. I know I can do this. I can not fail. I just wanted to tell someone else, anyone else. So, I'm telling you guys. I'm telling all of you that I have this. 

My kid is going to have a good life.

Edit: I woke up today to see my phone lit up with still more amazing responses. I can't believe how nice all of you have been. I am still working my way through the comments, but just know that I am reading them, every one. I really appreciate all of the friendly, sincere advice you guys have been leaving, and all of the heartfelt encouragement. I am just so touched by your kindness. Thank you so much, you people are incredible. 
.
Parents are away for 7 weeks and I’ve killed 6 of my dad’s fish. I feel sick.
My parents left for Europe like two weeks ago and my dad left me to care for his fish/plants. So I recently got my drivers license and so I finish closing at work and I’m on a high from just driving, I walk the stairs and go to feed to fish.

I turn on the lights. Two fish are just floating dead. My heart just stopped and so I scoop them out and I investigate further and four more fish are dead and another one is swimming around the top of the water. 

So I sent emails to my dad and so he tells me to do a pH test and it’s 6.0 (should be around 7). So here these fish are swimming in acidic water while I’m having the time of my life. 

I called my brother. He just laughed and said he didn’t know what to do but he has a fish tank. 0.o

So long story short I put baking soda into the tank and the fish have perked up or at least the fish that are still alive. I may have over fed the fish or something happened with the last water change that I didn’t do.

What’s a time you got entrusted with something and you completely cocked it up? Also it’s 10:30 at night so I’m dreading to wake up tomorrow and see all the fish dead.


tl;dr dad left me to care for fish and a bunch died. I feel like I’ve died on the inside.


Update 1: I set alarms throughout the night and I’m sleeping upstairs in the lounge room where the aquarium is. The fish that were left have definitely perked up and they’re moving a bit more. There were two I was really concerned about but they seem okay for now. Next step is just to turn the pump back on later today and feed them not as often. Thanks for all your help guys! Whether it be joking around or just talking I appreciate it :) Nearly 1am and I woke up sweating so I’m gonna be super tiered later but I’d rather be tired knowing I’ve done everything I can.

Update 2: Woke up and found one dead, he looked like he was going to before I went to bed. I then prepped the water change and I went to church. Rushed back after it was over and found 2 more dead. BUT! There’s hope. I changed the water, it was filthy and the filters were filthier. They’re now in a nice pH level and in clean water. I’ve got the pump on giving them some air (I think that’s what it does) and they definitely look better. One however looks a bit funny. Will tell my sister to look over it while I leave for work. Total body count is 11 I think. 4 remain. I’ve already told my dad I’ll replace the ones he wants and I’ll give him some extra money to splurge on a more expensive fish if he wants. I’m super tired but feeling better. Thanks everyone for hanging around and sharing stories/advice! God bless!

- accidental fish genocide guy.
.
I wish gay characters were written with more personality than just "I'm the gay character"
Started watching Riverdale with my best friend and watching the gay character feels like having to suffer through nails on a chalkboard. Why are gay characters always written where every on-screen appearance always includes some kind of gay reference or joke about closets, "straight people", etc even in 2017? The Gay Best Friend character in media just bugs me so much. 
.
Living on your own is the best: dancing around with no pants on to music at 12.45am is so freeing
I have to get up for work in less than 6 hours and I'm totally going to die of exhaustion tomorrow but it's so good to let loose sometimes! Even listening to guilty pleasure/trashy pop songs makes it even better.

Sometimes the little things give us great joy ❤ I hope you guys are having a good day!
.
Today my marriage is old enough to drink. I love her so much.
We had an incident the other day where water leaked in our attic and the ceiling in our dining room collapsed.

  
I had dozed off in the next room watching television. The crash sounded like a car had hit the house. I woke up disoriented and scared and all I could think about was how I needed to be with my wife.
.
I went to a gay bar and really gained some empathy for women as far as what they experience at bars.
2 weeks ago I went to LA and we parked our car and crushed a 6 pack on the beach in Venice and saw all the craziness go down there, then got in an uber and told the guy to take us to somewhere with a bunch of women. The driver, an Italian guy in his 40's, starts recounting how much ass he used to pull (his words) in West Hollywood and how we should go to West Hollywood and don't worry that it's going to be mostly gay people, they don't bite, and that so many women go out there. We decided to go for it and he advised us to go to the Abby.

We went and I immediately noticed the go-go dancers, a bunch of lean, muscular, thong clad men dancing on platforms. I've been to numerous bars with scantily clad female go-go dancers and never thought anything of it, but I bet that for some women that can be terribly intimidating or indicating of an objectifying environment, was an interesting thought. My buddy and I grabbed drinks and surveyed the scene, there were indeed some women and A LOT of well groomed, well dressed, guys walking around, if I hadn't known it was a gay bar I would have thought "wow there's a lot of competition here." I also noticed a lot of people returning my gaze looking around.

Then my friend went to the bathroom, leaving me alone. It was like a feeding frenzy. Guys were COMPETING for the opportunity to buy me a drink, hitting me with pick up lines, walking up like "I love you.", having conversations that went like this "hi" "hi" "where you from?" "san diego" "oh take my number, if you need a place to crash just hit me up." it was NUTS.

I tried to talk all suitors out of buying me a drink because I knew what they were after and they wouldn't be happy with the result as I was straight and came there to meet women, that deterred 0%. I finally asked one of these guys why he wanted to buy me a drink and he said "because I can" so I said "OK" so he asked me what I was drinking and I said anything, he said no what are you drinking so I said whiskey soda, he said what kind of whiskey and I said "well" to which he said "please" and ordered Makers Mark. 

So then I'm talking to these guys and other guys keep coming up trying to talk to me and the guys I was talking to got all snoody like "Don't talk to those losers." One such guy would not go away or stop being too forward, and not in a fun way, so I instinctively told him that my friend, who had come back and was also down to jump on the free drinks train for a while, was my husband (which I have had multiple girls do to me with people who were obviously just friends of theirs at times when I've not taken a hint) so then this dude starts sheepishly grabbing at my ass when he perceived my friend as not looking. 

Wound up making it out in one piece and going to some after hours spot with these Russian girls we met there. (which is it's own crazy story, I cannot believe LA has legit establishments that you can smoke weed and do cocaine openly INSIDE at). Due to the novelty it was a good, funny experience, but I totally get why women go to gay bars now. I could see having a hoard of thirsty dudes trying to bang you as fast as they possibly can getting old pretty fast.

**Edit: Regrettably a good amount of the comments on this post are a fiery-worded debate about the morality of straight people going to gay bars. I even got sucked into it there for a bit. I'd like to remind everyone that this is /r/casualconversation. I'd like to acknowledge the point of view of these gay people, I was unaware that some (and it sounds like many) gay people do not appreciate straight people coming to gay bars. I lived in a small town in the Pacific NW for a year that I could definitely see 2 guys making out or dancing at a bar leading to an otherwise unprovoked physical altercation, this was in a very blue state, I'm sure there are places like this in almost all states. I understand the overwhelmingly strong desire to have places where you can let loose like any person wants to and feel safe doing so.**

**I may strongly dislike being told it is morally wrong of me to go to a place due to my sexuality (this is actually my first experience with that) but I have no interest in debating my righteousness in going to a gay bar, if it wasn't clear from my post, this is not my routine and there is no threat of this becoming my routine. I learned something today and it sounds like a lot of other redditors who are getting fired up were unaware of this too. Let's play nice. It was a funny night out and stuff that happened to me happens to women at bars all the time, that's all I meant by the post.**
.
Every time I hear about a really successful person I compare their age to mine to see "if I still have time".
And unsurprisingly, each year the stories that give me comfort are becoming rarer.
.
A southern coworker is trying to explain to the office that recycling is bad.
One of my coworkers, a super nice older woman just told me that recycling is "unhealthy for the earth." 

In her words, "If you think about it, what's holding the earth together? If we stop using plastic and stuff the earth will probably not have anything to hold itself together. I think we should use more plastic straws."

This was 100% genuine. She proceeded to tell me that it is all the trash that we make and dump in land fills that keeps the planet stuck together and floating.

Sometimes living in the south is hard. :/

.
That one hour in the morning with your coffee and laptop while everyone else is still asleep.
Anyone else?  Esp now in the fall when its still dark outside.  I get up, feed the cat, light a fire in the fireplace, make a Latte and whip out the Reddit.  After she eats, the cat will usually curl up next to me. 

It is my favorite time of the day.  

After the kids get up its a whirlwind of getting them ready, getting me ready, and everyone out the door, so now I'm waking up extra early just to get that time. 

Anyone else savour this time of the day??

eta: Good morning! here i am again, reading responses in the early morn!  I loved this one in particular:

https://www.reddit.com/r/CasualConversation/comments/7aalln/that_one_hour_in_the_morning_with_your_coffee_and/dp8n7yp/

"Makes me feel like I own the day. If I start out rushing to leave, the day owns me."
.
Been redditing for a little while now - I just have to say I love the odd juxtaposition of total immaturity and grownup stuff.
Heavy emotional content by someone with the username ballsucker69... financial advice from peedinyourcheerios99

Just wanted to say I enjoy this

.
I just got back my grades and I got an A for a subject I thought I was going to fail!
:D

I really thought I was gonna get a C+ at best, and was bracing myself for a D-, but I got an A and right now I'm just so happy and amazed. I actually shouted in excitement when I saw the letter A, and my sister told me to shut up because she's a cranky old wet blanket so I'm going to tell this to everyone who can be happy with me. 
.
I am in so much pain and it makes me happy
My whole life I've been fat, but I have only recently come to the realisation that I am fat AND extremely unfit. I'm only 18 years old and yet I get puffed out at the smallest tasks, have chest pains and am already shopping in the plus size sections.

I did something good though. I enrolled in a fitness program and bought the right kind of food to begin changing my diet. I don't think I've exercised in roughly 1 and 1/2 years. My lifestyle did not require me to do much physical activity and I never did it on my own. In the first class I had we started off with some stretching which included lunges, and boy let me tell you I had basically forgotten I had muscles right up until I took that first lunge. It stretched like it had never stretched before. Today was my second training session and my thighs and arms are extremely sore. Like it-hurts-to-exist kinda sore.

I'm in pain but it makes me feel good. It reminds me that I'm finally doing something about myself. I've been unhappy with my body my whole life, and I knew deep down I'm the only one that can change that but I always had my doubts, fears and excuses that prolonged it. I feel like the pain is my bodys way of saying 'Thank you, it'll get better'. It hurts but in a good way.

P.S. I find it amazing how to my beloved family I just tell them yeah I'm sore from training but to a bunch of strangers on the internet I pour my emotions out lmao
.
English is not my first language and I just learned that porcupines and concubines are, in fact, not the same thing.
I also thought hiatus was a state of America. And I used to pronounce comfortable like comfort-table until I was 13. 
Yeah. 
What are some misconceptions about the English language you had, native speaker or not? 

Edit: since this post is getting quite a bit of attention I thought I'd list some more examples of my stupidity because I was a damn interesting kid. 

• You know that bit in Alejandro by Lady Gaga that goes "hot like Mexico, rejoice"? I thought "Mexico rejoice" was a hot sauce that Lady Gaga was comparing this Alejandro guy to, because he was just so hot. 
• I mentioned this in the comments too, but I used to pronounce British like "Braytish". 
• I thought fetish was another word for admiration. I may or may not have used that word in that context. 
• I thought plethora was some sort of plant.

Edit 2: My most upvoted post is one where I talk openly about being stupid and make my country sound like Voldemort's safe haven. Wow. 

Edit 3: WHAT THE FUCK, I GOT GOLD????? Can I eat it? 
.
How do I ask someone their name when they already know me by name.
There is this dad at my daughter’s school whom I’ve met several times.

The first time we met, we introduced ourselves and since then we've talked with each other several times.

The problem is that I never remembered his name, yet he remembered mine.

He always verbalized my name every time we met, but unfortunately I could not do the same so I got stuck with the generic “Man”.

Any time we met, I said: “What’s going on, Man? How are you? Good to see you.”

At one point it became awkward so I decided to ask his name, but I didn't want to say, “Sorry, I forgot your name” because that would have implied that I never knew it all along, so I decided to go with a different approach.

The next time I talked with him at my daughter’s school, midway through I looked at him and said:

“You know, my wife and I have been discussing about how to pronounce your name properly. We just don’t seem to agree and I don’t like to mispronounce anybody’s name. Can you pronounce it for me exactly as your mom pronounces your name?”

The guy looks at me with eyes wide open and says:

“Joe”

It's probably better to just say that you forgot.
.
Today, I am presenting as a woman for the first time in my life.
I'm a trans woman, and I am finally being myself starting today. I've waited my whole life for this, and it's pretty nerve-racking, in a good way.

Edit: holy cow this blew up! =) Thank you for the kind words and encouragement, everyone. Thank you for gilding my post! And thank you for cleaning up the thread, mods!

Today is a ~~good~~ *great* day!

---
**Update**: My day was awesome! I've found peace after so many years...

Thank you all so much for the positivity. I'm humbled by how many of you are so wholesome and accepting. You move me to tears. I am not lying when I say I couldn't have done this without the strength and courage that everyone who supports me gave me, including all of you. Thank you.
.
Today, age 20, I saw a healthy weight on the scale for the first time in my entire life. Need somewhere to brag :)
**TL;DR** was fatass, now a nominally healthy less-fatass. motivational circlejerk at the bottom

I was overweight/obese for as long as I can remember. I was teased as far back as 1st grade and I remember feeling ashamed of shopping in the husky section for clothes (which, now that I think about it, is a shitty name to subject fat kids to). I always tried fad diets but never lost more than 5lbs. per attempt.

Age 15, I was 215lbs, the highest I've been, and considered obese at my height. I had to train for 1 year for my black belt which involved a shitload of cardio. I had just gotten into reddit and found out about /r/keto and /r/ketorecipes. I was desperate so I tried it, and I wound up coming down to 165 in that year. That was still overweight but I was able to keep up with all the other trainees.

For the next 3 years I periodically tried more keto but couldn't find the motivation to stick with it now that I wasn't training for my black belt. So I stayed overweight. This semester, I dragged a friend, also looking to lose weight, into it with me and I guess that's all the motivation we needed. We've run a mile and biked 3-4, 3x a week for the past 2 months and stuck fast to the diet. Coincidentally, he's also lost 25lbs and feels amazing.

Today we went to the gym, I weighed myself, and I turned out to be 145, the exact weight where overweight stops and healthy starts according to BMI for my height. Like I said, I have no recollection of this ever happening in my life. This is a new, exciting thing for me. I still have some fat to burn off but just the  idea of being healthy for once is amazing.

The funniest thing about all this, for me, is that I'm short and have barely grown at all since my early teens. And I was already overweight back then. So I'm pretty sure I weigh less now than I did at age 12.

Sorry for the rant, I'm just excited. I never would have thought this would be possible, but here I am. Thanks for reading, if you have indeed read this all. If anybody is trying to lose weight, please remember that it's hard but definitely possible. And if anybody needs help, motivation, or advice with their own weight loss, please feel free to ask via comment or PM. Of course, there's /r/keto and /r/ketorecipes as well.
.
Today I started doing things regardless if my friends or significant others want to participate
I have always been an outgoing person but over the years I noticed that I was being influenced by my surroundings and I was starting to become an antisocial homebody. Nowadays people find any possible excuse to stay inside and do nothing. I would even offer to pay for my friends/significant other and their things and yet everyone around me seem to be into the “couch potato lifestyle “, even my now fiancé. So today I took the courage and finally purchased a ticket for a concert I’ve been looking forward to go and I’m going all by myself and I feel great.

Don’t let the fear of doing an activity by yourself  stop you from doing those things and enjoying life :)

Edit: thank you for all your stories and feedback everyone, I also just sign up for moviepass so I can go to the movies multiple times a month by myself since my significant others is not a movie-goer
.
It's just marriage now, everyone.
Few hours ago, in the United States, [gay marriage was legalized nationwide](http://www.cnn.com/2015/06/26/politics/supreme-court-same-sex-marriage-ruling/).

I've been having a string of bad days, but this is nice...

Actually smiled this morning. What about all of you?

***

>Edit: Being gilded for this; Reddit's servers are happier.

>**[President Barack Obama's full speech](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b715GKJNWXA).**

***

>**/u/turkeysock's, and /u/MorningredTimeTravel's upquote was ["Thanks, Obama"](http://i.imgur.com/o3egucL.png).**

>**/u/tizorres' upquote is also [totally on par](http://i.imgur.com/jwwZxxy.gif).**

>###Oh, wow — [I'm never taking off my rainbow flair](http://i.imgur.com/ojqAFJv.jpg)!



.
Under 200 pounds today for the first time in TWENTY YEARS!
Omg! What a struggle this has been! After a TWO MONTH stall of not losing one damn pound last month i started losing again. And today AFTER A LIFETIME OF BEING OBESE I am finally under 200 pounds! I am so happy I could cry!
.
My boss told me today that I’m in the top 10 best bartenders he’s ever worked with today.
It was really out of the blue.

When I work, often times we can cut all the other servers and bartenders off my shift. In my state, the servers and bartenders make minimum wage ($12) plus their tips. I stopped bartending for a year to work phone sales then car sales, so I can really sell the hell out of my tables on product, while maximizing a ton of tables at once. My trick is I give them the bare minimum information with charisma. 

I don’t tell people my name unless they ask, I really don’t talk at all unless they talk to me. Stay quiet, bust my rear, make as many drinks and run as much food as possible.

I’m making about 60k a year right now workin 35 hr weeks m-f bartending at some local restaurant in my city.

Feels pretty good. 

And it’s the slow month! 
.
I cut out all of the toxic people from my life. Now I am alone. Not sure if I should be happy or sad.
Not sure if this is the right place for this so if not feel free to direct me to the right place. 

I'm happy because I have less stress in my life, but at the same time I miss these people I cut out to a certain degree. I mean some of them are part of my family so it wasn't an easy decision to make. It just sucks and I hope I made the right choice. 

Any one else ever go through something similar? 
.
I currently have a $0 balance on 2 of my credit cards and it feels like such a relief!!
My fiancé and I are six months away from our wedding and between wedding expenses and everyday bills we’re making ends meet and have decent savings, but I feel like I’m drowning. We always owe someone money, and we’re putting everything on credit cards to get the points (we pay it off every month so we don’t get whacked with interest) but they never have a $0 balance because as soon as we pay the card off someone else needs money. Money isn’t an argument with us because we’re not spending frivolously, we haven’t gone out to eat in over a month and we barely spend outside of necessities (I’m marrying someone almost as cheap as me! 😂) but it still stresses me out. Right now two out of three of my cards have a $0 balance!!! I know it won’t last long but it feels like I’m out of the hole for the moment, you know?
.
Trader Joe’s changed the sound that their credit card reader make.
Until Thanksgiving the card reader will gobble at you when your credit card is approved. 

It gave me a chuckle and the crew member said that it never fails to make even the grumpiest person smile. 

I like Trader Joe’s. 
.
Do certain smells ever bring back memories?
And what are those memories?

&#x200B;

Even in my 40s, whenever I smell someone light a cigarette of a certain brand (unknown exactly what brand), when I smell that first puff of smoke, a memory of my grandmother comes back, very vividly.

Smoking in the home was much more common in the late 70s/early 80s, and nobody thought much of smoking in front of family members.   My grandma was a heavy smoker, and she favored one particular brand.

Ever since my childhood, whenever someone lights a cigarette near me, and if it's that one brand, a get a sudden memory of my grandma near the back of the kitchen area, and me sitting on a yellow bench hanging out with her.  I had to be around 10 or so.  The A/C was usually on cold, the TV was on loud, and the room was loud and echoey.

I asked my cousin about this once and he vividly remembers the same thing.

Years later, after my grandma died, I ended up inheriting the yellow bench and a chair from the kitchen, and they're in my house today.

&#x200B;

Who else can recall vivid memories just from smelling something?
.
I’m on day 4 of quitting smoking!
Just want to tell more people to keep me accountable. Been cutting down and wanting to quit for a while, it seems to be going well so far. Haven’t really had any cravings yet which might be because I actually want to quit. Thanks for listening. 

Edit: it’s been over a week and I’m going great! No cravings at all now! Thanks for everyone’s support and good luck to all the other people of here that are quitting as well!
.
I'm 38 years old and starting my first day of school for Nursing today. Been a stay-at-home mom all my life up until this point, but an impending divorce is causing me to embark on a career to eventually support myself. I'm excited and scared out of my wits - wish me luck Reddit!
I always wanted to be a mom, my career was secondary so I never had a full-time job.  Now, my life is changing and I'm moderately petrified.  Give me advice, share your kick-assed stories of success and give me the confidence I need to get through these next two years!

Edit: I am overwhelmed with your stories and words of encouragement!  Do me a favour, call your moms - you're all obviously proud of what they did, so tell them as well.  If they were half as scared as I was then their hard work and dedication should be acknowledged! 

BTW, my first day wasn't all that bad!  I'll check back in 2 years and we can celebrate my graduation!
.
Not sure if this is allowed but, I'm 5 years self harm free today!!
I've had depression for about ten years, self harmed for 5 years and am now finally 5 years self harm free! I can't believe it!! I've had points where every day felt like a struggle I'd never overcome and other months where I've not even thought about it! Sorry if this kind of post isn't allowed but I'm so proud of myself right now and just wanted to share!

Edit: Also am happy to answer questions, give advice etc. :) If you're having a tough day (I know Christmas is often shit for me because of this wonderfully un-festive anniversary) then make sure you talk to someone!

Edit 2: I've tried responding to as many of you as possible, thankyou so much for your love and support and for popping my gold cherry! A lot of people are asking how I did it: I set myself goals, so if I could manage a week, I'd aim for two weeks, because if I'd already done a week then I could do it again, right? And each year I focus on reaching the year so I can celebrate it. For my five years I treated myself to a [commemorative tattoo](https://imgur.com/UeXRUvX) which I've been focusing on since this time last year. 
.
Whenever someone answers to one of my post, I immediately upvote their comments.
I seem to be one of the rare people that does this. I just love when people interact with me on reddit and thus they deserve an upvote.
.
I am an agnostic atheist and I hate it when atheists ridicule religious people
**EDIT** - oh my. My inbox just exploded

__________________________________________________________

I am an atheist *(well I am not really sure yet but I am probably an agnostic atheist)* and I can fully understand the mentality behind religion

I am sort of in a love-hate relationship with religion

I can understand its purposes, mostly in terms of giving hope to people or at least it helps them to make sense of the world around them, especially to those who are unfortunate.

It may a false sense of hope and belief but it makes sense to them *(like example, a soldier prays to God, that slight sense of hope may affect his psychosomatic response in battle and may actually increase his chance of making it out alive)*

I will admit that I do not like it when religion takes over, namely the extremist kind like for example, fundamentalists, those who prefer prayer over modern medicine, those who wish to spread their beliefs by force, when religion is mixed with the legal system, when people judge others based on their beliefs and so on.

However .....

I am also **VERY, VERY** annoyed when atheists love to bully those who are religious, namely because of the increased interest in science and logical thought.

I am supporter of science and I fully acknowledge its purposes but I do not want to use my knowledge of science so far *(because even science goes through changes as times goes on)* to humiliate those who are ignorant *(as in, the uneducated)*

That is why I do not like the science icons that are on the media like Bill Nye, Neil Degrasse Tyson and Richard Dawkins.

I admire their intent to spread science and logical reasoning but I absolutely despise how they make religious people act like idiots *(and I mean religious people in general, not to those who are fundamentalists)*

*(and I mean especially Richard Dawkins. He is known as one of the four horsemen of Neo-Atheism for a reason)*
.
After 13 years, I no longer have a dog, but I'm left with endless happy memories. He was the most ridiculous animal imaginable.
I just wanted to share some of the sillier and more wonderful things about my dog because I won't get many opportunities to discuss Frodo very often any more. 

He was a little Maltese-poodle (more poodle). He hated water. I don't think he ever entered water on purpose. However, he was attached (to a disturbing extent) to my mom. When she would kayak out onto the lake, Frodo would run whining out onto the dock to be that tiny bit closer. The only time he ever got close to entering the water by choice was then she brought her kayak closer and he decided that jumping from from the dock to her kayak was a great idea. That didn't work out. Frodo was not a dog built for water.

He did, however, love snow. My mom sewed him a lovely little snow suit, including pants and all. Looked a bit like a dog space suit. Anyhow, even if there was only a few centimeters of snow he would drop his from legs, put the side of his face against the ground, and run full speed with his back legs so his face would plough snow. He would also jump into excessively deep snow and immediately get disoriented and go in the wrong direction. Even when hiking in the hottest months in the North Cascades, he would without fail always find that little bit of snow leftover in the shade under a tree to do this face running thing. 

My favourite memory comes from when he was only a year in my family, and a family friend sent us a "Duckworth." Bloody brilliant toys, at least, if you asked Frodo they were. I've never seen him do this with any other toy: he took the duck in his mouth, laid on his back, legs splayed, and laid motionless for probably fifteen minutes straight growling at the duck wedged in his mouth.

He also laid on top of the couch back like a cat, could jump to any height if a hamburger was involved, did burnouts on the linoleum (while squealing quite loudly), and would stick his nose as far down the car air vent as possible when we were on road trips. 

What a wacky dog. Share your happy memories. Pets are so precious, and they build so many lovely feelings over the years. This is about the happy memories :) 

**Edit:** I have been informed that Frodo is now making heaven a magical and happy place with his weirdness. The last I saw of him was through facetime with his head nestled on my dad's lap, and when I said his name his ears perked up. I sadly couldn't be with him but as mentioned, this is about the happy memories. What a lovely little creature. Read on if you want some funny stories about pets, I'm not the only one here sharing some laughs. 

**Edit 2:** I'm very happy that this post in dedication to the happiness our little friends bring us has managed to break 100 upvotes. Love for everyone :) 

**Edit 3: [Here's a photo of my little friend while hiking in the subalpine of the North Cascades.](https://i.imgur.com/YfUqcZi.jpg)** My mother designed and sewed him that snow suit. The picture sums up his essence: a reborn Arctic explorer.
.
SO and I have been talking about our future and I’ve had a warm fuzzy feeling ever since
We’re at almost a year together and our relationship has hit a new level that I didn’t think was possible. He has his flaws but has been actively working on them and our relationship. The other day we started talking about marriage and our future wedding. 

We’re not quite there yet but I believe this is the guy I’m going to marry and I’ve been on a high since.

We’re nearing our 30s age wise
.
Forty five years later
When I was 15 years old, I met my first love. You remember your first love? All the nerves, the stomach butterflies, they are all you can think of morning, noon and night?
A few months ago we found each other on FB. We discovered that all these years later, and mulitiple moves, we only live a few hours apart.

Today, 45 years later, we are meeting again.

This is going to be so cool! I'm waiting for him now and I can't wait!

UPDATE:  It went so beautifully! Giving him a hug, we fit together perfectly,just like old times!  Just being with him was so perfect, so calming (he's always was very mellow). We went to dinner, we visited, he spent the night...but no, not together haha.  Today we went had breakfast, went for a drive.

To answer, yes we are both single. It was not a date, it was a meeting of old used-to-be lovers. We were each others "first".

Will we see each other again...yes, we are planning on it!  You never know!  As my daughter said: "Wouldn't it be cool if your first love was to be your last love also?"
.
My Facebook keeps showing me wildly irrelevant stuff to the point where I have basically stopped using it since past 2 years.
I know the whole 'its a way to be connected to the people you know' thing but my Facebook feed is full of these weird ads and  'viral' videos that I just don't care about. 

For example - I'd be scrolling through my friends' updates and suddenly there will be a video showing a 'lucky people' compilation or a food recipie or someone doing nail-art etc. 

It ultimately started getting in the way of everything. I couldn't keep clicking 'don't show me posts from this page/person' for every such incident so ultimately I gave up. I barely use it now. Mainly I just use the messenger app. 

I had my Facebook phase but it's long over. I just feel like closing the account but I can't because I have to use the messenger app. Facebook doesn't have a simple way of solving this issue either. I have to either individually unfollow every page/person or just bear with it. 

Thank you for reading my post. 

Edit 1 - Just wanted to say thank you to everyone for their comments. :)  

Edit 2 - To highlight what many people have commented - FB profile can be deactivated and Messenger app will keep working. 
.
I got a heart on my starbucks cup
This made my day and has helped the coffee put me in the mood to work.


Usually I get smiley faces, I put that down to being polite and not a headwreck to the staff. That's no problem, I've read that the baristas put smiley faces on the cups of nice people so that's no big deal. The starbucks is besides my work so every day I'm working I go in. A couple of staff know me by now and know my order, they're lovely people with some great customer care. I always get a smiley face on my cup from them. 


But today there was a heart on mine. Not just a smiley face but also a heart. I'm like awh thanks and have been smiling since.


It's the little nice things that make a difference, people!
.
My year: quit benzodiazepines/opiates, confronted my mental health through weekly therapy and psychiatry appointments, weekly mindfulness and meditation classes, and dieting from 260lb to 215lb. Today I was accepted at a great university after being on a medical leave of absence for several years.
I know the title is wordy but it makes me so proud to see all of those accomplishments in one sentence... anyway, I was arrested for drug trafficking on my 21st birthday last year and that day I decided to change my life before it was too late. I also had several occasions where my parents found me barely breathing/ unconscious and thought I was dead they said they were pounding on my chest crying. This is what mainly led to me making a change but the arrest was the defined tipping point.  My lawyer(bless him) got the trafficking charge reduced to a disorderly conduct with the condition that it would be expunged from my record if I have no trouble with the police for a year. That time came and went with no trouble because I’m not hanging around sketchy individuals, so that’s off of my record, which allowed me to apply to schools. It’s amazing for me to reflect on this year, I am overcome with emotion and I plan to sustain this lifestyle for the rest of my life. I will never stop striving to better myself and learn more.  I wanted to post this on my birthday, May 5th but I have a hard time talking about myself so I’ve put it off until now. I figured why not, maybe somebody is just starting their journey and could use a little encouragement. I love my life and I’m very happy to be alive and in a good place. 

How are you?? I want to hear 
.
Met my primary school bully today
Apparently he lives in Denmark now. He did a complete 180 - really nice, seemed genuinely sorry for stuff he did back then. Also he's now a physics teacher, which is weird because I remember his physics being absolutely trash when we were classmates. But it's nice to see people sometimes change for the better.
.
Unemployed for a month starting to feel hopeless and really down. Just got two calls for interviews out of nowhere. Had to tell someone!
I've been applying heavily since before being let go at the beginning of December (they found out I was looking and fired me). I've been feeling really down about myself lately and not having much hope. I'd been on several interviews, but passed over for one reason or another. 

Well, today I got two phone calls for two different positions in my field. I couldn't be happier, and I just had to tell someone!
.
Girl just sang her heart out in math class
We were alll just sitting around talking since we didnt have any work to do, then one of the girls in my glass played a video of her friend singing. Everyone started saying that she should sing for us, and so she did. Holy titballs it was great. Her voice was powerful and had a distinctive crack to it. Not a bad voice crack like a preteen talking, but one that just adds a layer of emotion to the song. It definitely surprised everyone in there, and I think she could have a career in music
.
Just wanted to say thanks to the guy who just gave my girlfriend €50 when she panicked at 1.30 am with no access to funds and no way home.
A broken atm card, and some drinks lead to an upset lady. He overheard her phone conversation with me, handed her the cash and walked off without a name or a number. Strangers can care too some times. So thank you.
.
We were mentioned in a Askreddit thread on the front page!
[Here it is](http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/2ixvsc/what_is_your_favorite_small_20k_subreddit_and_why/)


Welcome, anyone new :)


.
I have social anxiety as well as color blindness and I went to buy clothes all by myself for the first time. Yay!
I was afraid of going to some shop like a small cloth shop where i have to interact with people because i have social anxiety and color blindness. It was embarrassing for me to ask the shopkeeper to get me a light blue shirt while pointing at a pink one.
The social anxiety part was also there already. I was afraid of doing anything alone. But i decided to get rid of my social anxiety and this was the first step i took. I am pretty happy with myself right now. I am feeling relieved, and optimistic. Has anyone gone through similar situation?

Edit - here the pic for the clothes i bought, for those who are wondering. [pic](http://imgur.com/a/0q8hd)

I hope it looks good. I still don't know what color the pant is, i bought it coz i think it looks good. The shopkeeper said it's kinda green.
And btw thanks to everyone for such positive comments, you guys are awesome!
.
the few hours lying in bed before I go to sleep is the best part of my day
it's the few hours in the day I truly get to myself in complete comfort. Usually I will browse reddit or youtube. what do you guys like to do before you fall asleep?
.
I woke up to a 7.0 magnitude earthquake this morning
You guys might have heard of the earthquake Alaska experienced today, and I was right smack in the middle of it.

I was chillin in bed when all of a sudden it felt like my room was thrown into a snow globe and shaken around. If you haven’t ever experienced a bad earthquake, it’s like being on a plane and experiencing horrible turbulence, but in a building instead. Your brain can’t really comprehend it. My poor elderly golden retriever tried to join me on the bed and was trembling and whimpering, while I consoled her. I was alone in the house, and it felt unreal. It felt like it was never going to end. It wasn’t my first big earthquake, as the one we experienced in 2016 was similar. It was just as scary though. You can’t feel more helpless than when you’re stuck in the middle of a huge earthquake that you can’t escape from.

Anyway, I keep forgetting I choose to live in a place that can have the ground unpredictably open up at any given time 😂 thought I would share!

Edit: Thanks so much for all the supportive comments! Just woke up from a night of almost no sleep due to the lingering tremors. Every time I settled down, the windows started to rattle and I’d hear the wine glasses downstairs clink together. The tremors are a lot more noticeable in the silence of the night when you try to sleep. Maybe I can nap today. Happy Saturday, everyone!
.
My Daughters (twins!) were born today
At 8:58 am AEST Josephine *McDebo* was born and 1 hour later her younger sister Madelyn *McDebo* was born. Both were a healthy weight, for twins. Josephine was 5 and 1/2 pounds and Madelyn was 5 pounds 1 ounce.

My Girlfriend has come through it surprisingly well for a first time mother, she didn't have any issues and has been more interested sleeping and eating then anything. She did get very emotional when she held Madelyn

Yesterday afternoon my Girlfriend felt weird and started to have the usual lead up to labour. While on the car ride to the Hospital her water broke(going to need to replace that seat now, but who cares). She went through 14 hours and 27 minutes of Labour.

From what we can tell, Josephine appears to have a small birthmark on her right temple while Madelyn has one at the base of her skull, where the neck meets the skull.

I must admit, I cried holding my baby girls. As you could probably guess this is my first lot, we have been building up to this for 9ish months. When I found out we were going to have Twins I did panic a little bit. I was worried about 1 kid so finding out we were going to have 2 sent me into "Oh Shit!" mode. I should have expected it. My Girlfriend has 6 sister's, she is a Triplet and her younger sister's are Twins.

We are unsure if we will put them in separate rooms or not. We think we may keep them together. We didn't actually know the Genders until they were born because we didn't want to ruin the surprise for ourselves and our families.

Speaking of family, both of our immediate families, minus my Fater and her Father, were present to welcome them.

My sister's got very clingy to me, my Older sister specially because she can't have kids herself. My Girlfriends sister's wouldn't stop swooning over the Girls. Her 2 older sisters have been a major help for us because they both have 3 kids between them. If not for them we would have likely been very lost.

My Mother and Step-Mother were very happy. Both have been very excited for the entire 7 1/2 months that they knew.

My Girlfriends mother was also overjoyed.

We even have nicknames for Josephine and Madelyn.

Josie and Madi. I don't think I have ever been this happy in my life before. It is the start of the next chapter in both of our lives, My Girlfriend and I.

Edit: I'm sorry but I can't respond to many more comments atm. I am about to go to bed. I will try to reply to anymore that require it on the morrow.
.
Did you achieve your 2015 New Year's resolutions?
I'm posting this thread not only to see how everyone on /r/CasualConversation  did with their goals, but because...

Exactly a year ago today in the 2014-2015 /r/AskReddit New Year's Megathread, [I asked](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/2qxd1t/2014_2015_new_years_megathread/cnaf0x0):

*What's one thing you want to achieve by 31st Dec 2015?*

*RemindMe! One year "Message whoever answers this question and ask if they achieved it!"*

It's now 31st Dec (GMT), so it's time to keep up my part of the bargain! About 70 people answered my question so I will post each person's goal in the comments below.

I hope you were all able to achieve what you set out to achieve.

Edit: Thanks for the gold! [**HERE IS THE NEW 2016 THREAD!**](https://www.reddit.com/r/self/comments/3ywu0b/what_are_your_2016_new_years_resolutions_write/)

BTW it's not massively important but I am being addressed as 'bro', 'man' and 'sir', I'd just thought I'd mention that I'm actually a 'sis', 'woman' and 'lady' :D 

*Also: The Reddit publication 'Upvoted' interviewed me and wrote an article about the New Year's Resolutions threads. They didn't ask me to promote it or anything but I thought it was pretty cool, so if you want to have a read, [here it is](https://upvoted.com/2016/01/02/redditors-share-their-results-of-last-years-resolutions-and-offer-encouragement-for-2016/).*

.
Anyone else tired of the 9-5 corporate rat race?
It is impossible to enjoy participating in a race that no one can win. It is literally the same cycle every week and I am tired of it. It is Sunday afternoon over here and I am already dreading work tomorrow. I work as a part time contract data entry assistant and it is a total borefest. IDK how people can stand sitting down for 8 hours inside a cubicle staring at the computer, I have to get outside for a walk every 45 mins or so to escape the slog and clear my mind. Would getting a trade be better than this slog? If not I will just get a night shift security gig when my contract ends.
.
Y'all ever like a post or comment solely to make it even? Like, 599 to 600?
Even if you don't care much for the comment.

I wonder how many other people do this.

Or maybe it's an OCD thing. I just have to click to make it even, can't resist.

Edit/note: guys I should add that I actually have ocd and do this because of it. I don't mean to make ocd lighthearted or anything. Yes, it is satisfying to watch the 99-->00 but I also am uneasy if I don't do it so that's why I believe it's an ocd driven behavior. ok anyway.. 😂

Edit, pârte dós: Oh and I never dislike to bring it down and make it even. Like from 601 to 600. I don't find that satisfying at all!
.
Hey fellow lurker know that you're loved and appreciated! Free hugs here!
I know sometimes things can be really hard, and you don't want to talk to people because of that. But you're still Carrying on silently and that deserves massive respect <3. 
How did your day go? I'm here to give you internet comfort points and hugs along with *gibs free cookies* thank you for trying so hard you matter!

Now if there's anything I can do or rather *we* can do (all the lovely people in here) by listening to you vent I'd love to. 

Edit: If someone would like to check my little sub r/WholesomePals I'd be blessed thank you 
.
My kids bought me a PS4
This was a few months ago, and I’m still blown away by it. 

I’m a single mom of four. My kids are all mostly adults (one still in hs) and we all still live together. It’s almost a roommate type scenario where we all work and contribute to the household together. Our lives blew up a few years ago and we had to move from one state to another in just 5 weeks. Without going into detail, basically we left a very bad situation; it was extremely traumatic and scary, but we managed. We’ve been healing and thriving and are very tight-knit and close. 

I love video games and gaming, and wanted a PS4 but would never in a million years shell out the money for one for myself; my entire income goes into maintaining our household.  

So my kids pooled their funds and surprised me with one. It wasn’t my birthday, or any other holiday. They just got it for me as a present. 

When they presented it to me (they set it up and had it ready to go), they had already bought and downloaded some of the games I really wanted.  I cried my face off, I was so surprised and touched. I still can’t believe they did that for me. 

My kids are awesome human beings and I am so happy I get to be their mom. 

ETA: Thank you, you guys, for all the lovely and sweet comments. It made me all warm and fuzzy on my insides! You guys are so sweet!
.
I asked out a girl yesterday.
She said yes. We went downtown and had a blast. I told her that I liked her and she felt the same. We ended up kissing and planned a second date this Monday. This is my first relationship and I'm really excited. I kinda just want to talk about it and decided this was the right sub.

Edit: Well this blew up. Who knew that you could  get ~~800~~ 1700 karma for bragging about going on a date.

I think I might delete in 24 hours

Edit2: I'm not gonna delete the post.
.
This weekend, I stay home, played video games, ate pizza, and that was it. It was amazing.
I feel fat right now but screw it! I had a blast. I played a few games, most notable Oxenfree. And I loved it! Not a great one to play just before bedtime but I didn’t know it was a horror game until I was an hour into it. Lol. And I played Overwatch, Tales from Borderlands and Banished for a bit.

I also watched Star Trek, Star vs the Forces of Evil (omg, I need a new episode already!), The Last King and listened to Nujabes for about an hour while I played Hearthstone. 

I’m at work now. Love my job, but I want to go back to my lazy-weekend right now haha.

.
Is it just me, or do upvotes say things now?
"Over 9000" and stuff like that. Anyone else? I like it :)
.
I'm loving it.
I just ordered a snack wrap from my phone, while I was shitting on the toilet, inside of a McDonald's.  As soon as I walked out I was immediately greeted at the counter by a smiling employee asking if I ordered a snack wrap.  What a time to be alive.
.
Today, I (19M) decided to take a huge step in the right direction and saw a psychologist for the first time!
It's been years of what looks to be depression. I'm happy that i've made the decision to do something about it and my first appointment went great! I can't wait to better myself.

Edit: Wow, this blew up! I'm really thankful for all the kind words. I apologise if I couldn't reply to you all. Thank you so much, I really appreciate it :)
.
Just had a job interview at McDonald's
Nothing out of the ordinary happened but the following was said:

Him: "What's your favorite subject in school?"
           
Me: "I love math"

Him: "That's cool, I loved math in school too, funny how I ended up here"

*an awkward pause followed*

Him: "Anyways, what's your least favorite subject"


**EDIT:** after reading through comments and everyone's fast food stories, I'm really excited to start on monday!
.
I accidently saved a life today
I went home about a half an hour early today. As I turned down my street I noticed the neighbors dog was out, which was quite odd, and I almost hit her as she darted in front of my truck. I messaged the daughter on fb to let her know her dog was out. Next thing I know there are a couple cops, fire truck, EMS, and supervisor. After watching EMS take the brother out, the sister messaged me again saying thank you. She couldn't get a hold of her brother, went home to get the dog and found her brother had set the dog free and tried to commit suicide. He'll be okay, but I still feel sad for the family. 

I guess where I'm going with it - small actions can be huge. Call a friend, hug your brother or sister, let people know they're appreciated.

EDIT: He is home and with the family this morning.
.
I’m finally divorced and I’m a dad with full custody of my 4 children.
After almost 8 years of an abusive marriage I’m finally divorced w/ full custody of my 4 kids (7, 5, 3, and 2). 

She didn’t show up to court today, but since she hasn’t attempted to see our kids since December I was granted a default judgment. It’s a surreal feeling. It hasn’t completely sank in. Even though she destroyed me emotionally for years, I still miss her an feel incredibly sad. 


.
I really like living next to an airport.
OK, the noise of the planes isn't ideal, but it's like living next to a main road.  You get used to it, I barely notice it now.

I still love seeing low flying planes, I still look up in anticipation when I hear them.  They always remind me that I like to go on holiday, and I act on that reminder...I've been away three times this year already.  The rent in the area is cheap(ish).  The big factor is the transport links.  All roads lead to airports and transport that goes to airports has to come back.  You can go anywhere, at anytime...there's always a bus, a tram or a train.  And of course a plane.
.
I'm one year cancer free! What are you grateful for?
After 2 surgeries and chemo, the last surgery being a year ago, I've now been cancer free for a year. Everyone took very good care of me and I'm thankful that despite needing chemo and the second surgery things went very well.

What are you grateful for today? :)

&#x200B;

Edit: I have read every comment but sorry that I'm not replying to them all, there are just so many :)
.
I saw Black Panther and the most relatable character was the villain.
** Major spoilers ahead for those who haven't seen the movie yet***

So today I went to go see Black Panther with my sister. I haven't seen her in a year. She doesn't really like action films because she feels they are mostly "plot less" and "Nothing but guns shooting", but she actually enjoyed this one.

Anyway!

While watching the movie I totally understood how Erik, Black Panther's cousin felt. I and my sister are first generation African Americans. I have always felt that I was too African for Black Americans. I talk "like white people" or "snobs". To them I eat strange food and talk funny... But to Africans I am too "American". They also think I talk funny and eat strange foods, lol. 

When I told my sister this she completely understood. It was liberating. Poor Erik felt trapped between two worlds. It was nice watching a movie that was able to truly understands us... It was so wonderful to finally see Africans as powerful and not victims. So long have people shown us on TV as nothing but hut dwellers and ignorant fools who need the charity of other nations to move forward.

Another thing that totally amazed me was how the five tribes were all designed after major African tribes from all over the continent. It was so beautiful.

I cried a little bit. Because deep down I knew that if there was less corruption in Africa that we would be seen as equals.

I don't really know if this is the right sub to put this in. I just wanted to tell the world. This evening I finally felt empowered. I felt strong!!
.
Its just a bad day, not a bad life
Felt that maybe someone could use this reminder. 

Edit: I really am enjoying what this tread is turning into, so much positivity flying around that I actually feel a little enlightened from the few rough days I've been having. I thank you /r/CasualConversation  <3

Edit 2: Holy crap this post really blew up, I'm trying my best to respond to everyone, sorry if I don't get to you. Really loving the positivist taking place in the tread! 
.
My cat that went missing 6 years ago has been found!
I can't believe it, I just want to talk about him all day. He got in the back of a carpet fitters van without the driver realising and we never saw him since. We searched a lot and left posters everywhere but to no avail. 

My mum got an email from a local vets yesterday asking her to call.. Benjie had been found?! What the heck. I thought he was dead... I never thought I would see him again. It's so surreal I can't get over it that he's here. I'm terrified of him going again. He's 9 years old now and we still have his brother too. We have 4 cats now! 

He's also lost weight and looks so different from what I remember but he's as loving as he ever was before. (https://imgur.com/a/wfYCh, you can see the difference from the one photo I have of him!)

Do you have any pets? Do you have any happy ending missing stories too? I'd love to hear them, I'm so happy and hopefully this gives others who have a missing pet some faith. :) 
.
What I’ve learned from Reddit.
Since joining reddit, I [18F] have learned many things. 
Humans are very complex. More complex than I always believed *everyone else* to be. 
I have learned that basic human emotions aren’t always basic. One emotion can carry a vast amount of feelings. 
The word “weird” can have a negative and/or positive connotation. For me: weird means normal.   Humans are weird. That involves me, you, him, her, she, SO, OP, them, and it.
Humans are lonely.
Humans are also very curious.
Humans are nosy 
And also very sexual
I have also found, that some of the most genuine interactions have been over this exact platform. 
I have learned, how human bodies work, how many people have experienced the same things I have, or wondered the same things as me. 
It has made me value this universal sacred self.
I also now know, I’m not the wisest person in the world, nor am I the most ignorant.
It has taught me the importance of finding each other’s sameness, and stop turning shoulders for their differences.
I often doubt the compassion of others, and their ability to help. But I’ve learned there is no reason to.
Also, what we carry internally, is much more important than what is beyond. 
Thank you Reddit 
Have a cool day.
-T


.
I didn't realise how clearly you can see leaves on trees
I've needed glasses since I was 14ish. My eyes have rapidly become worse and I didn't help by hating wearing them unless I was in lectures or classes. I'm nearly 20 and finally paid for another eye test and received contacts. Holy shit you can see leaves on trees?! like individual fucking leaves?! It's not one big green blur I'm amazed I want to go on a hike
.
Recently lost 30 pounds and was told that I was hot
I was over at a guy's place last night, and he tells me that I was really hot and out of his league!

I know I shouldn't place my value on what men think, but I've always been chunky and NEVER been called hot or even remotely referred to as such. 

Edit: thanks for the silver!!!

Just some clarification about the “value based on men’s opinions”. What I meant was that I was raised to believe that my self worth isn’t dependent on what men, or other people think. Especially something as vain as body types. 

I’m just so shocked and flattered and I just wanted to tell people! 
.
A little girl called me "Mr."
I'm 19 years old

I feel bad
.
Why don’t we call people with masters degree “Master”
We already call people with PhDs “Doctor” so why not do the same for people with masters.
I’d rather be called Master Ben than Doctor Ben! (Not that I have either degree yet 🤗)
.
I signed an entire song in ASL in font of about 300+ people and didn’t mess up once!
I’m a junior in high school and I take ASL. I have a bit of social/performance anxiety, so doing this was rather nerve wracking. This also was only after... 5 days of practice? I decided to do it only the other day and got super worried that I would mess up and flub it horribly. I didn’t! I got really into it and I got a lot of cheers at the end. 

During lunch a few people came up to me and said how they really liked my performance and that I did a great/good/fantastic job. Once it was over I felt exhausted from all the nervous energy that was finally released, and I may go take a nap aha. 

Definitely want to do this again for my school’s language week if I can.

EDIT: Just to clarify: this wasn’t a concert, it was an event where all the levels of ASL from my school and another came to our school to preform various songs we had been learning. 
.
Went to a college bar yesterday, and it felt like a daycare. I'm 27. RIP youth.
There were the guys sitting at the bar with sharpie on their right hands. There was the circle of girls silently dancing while each was scanning the room. There was the guy standing on a seat acting silly for his friend's snapchat. And there was me, a tired-ass adult standing in a playground. Went home, no regrets.

EDIT: Wow, this is officially my most popular post! I am not hating on anyone btw, just observing a new-to-me gut reaction. I am just as silly and immature as those kids in a lot of ways, just maybe not in a bar anymore. I think everyone should do what makes them happy. Let's keep it civil. :)
.
Today, I went out from my home after 6 months.
From last 6 months, all I was doing to leave home and go to college and vice-versa. Haven't made good friends in college and all my  friends from school went to different college. So I started feeling lonely. My uncle noticed that and today he forced me to go to  park with him and my 2 little cousins. I denied first but he forced me anyway. It was very peacefull, the nature in morning, Air. In park I saw my cousins run carefree, which reminded me of my childhood. It was beautiful.  I Wish  could live that life again.
.
I won my first case in r/KarmaCourt
ICYDK, /r/KarmaCourt is a subreddit dedicated to calling out people who do wrongdoings, for example: reposting without citing source, mods being corrupt, identity theft, etc. It's not a serious sub, that being none of the "sentences" are official.

Someone stole my meme from r/MemeEconomy, claiming to have created it, and got way more upvotes than I did. I created a case, got an attorney, judge, and jury, and the case began.

After going through a rigorous fight, the defense was found guilty.

[Here is the case.](https://www.reddit.com/r/KarmaCourt/comments/9b9ut8/usuperstryker7_vs_udankster_7758_for_meme_theft/)

I wanted to have a discussion about it on /r/casualiama, but that went down the shitter real quick.

So here I am, feeling proud that the mighty sword of justice strikes fair.
.
My 30 page final paper was due today. I had all semester to work on it, but I waited until yesterday to start it.
Procrastination at it's finest. I didn't think it would be possible, but it was. I'm majoring in Exercise Science, and for a senior project our class is that we intern 300 hours at a local internship site in order to gain experience. I chose to split my 300 hours into 2 places and do 150 each, one at a rehab office and the other at a gym for college level athletes. So the paper was on my experience at these 2 places, answered questions that needed to be answered, put in a bunch of charts/tables that were needed. It basically was a final for my major all together. I just handed it in this morning, and I honestly think I got an A.

What is the worst case of procrastination that you have ever had?

UPDATE: MY TEACHER GRADED IT, I GOT A 100! WHAT! 
.
I went clubbing with my parents
I'm 18 and only recently started drinking and we went to a club after dinner. We danced a tonne, they brought along their friends and one of them leaned over to my mum and said "YOUR KID IS AWESOME". I drank a bunch of water, my mum kept me company in the girls bathroom and my step dad made sure i was safe when i disappeared from the dancefloor for a bit. I bought them drinks, they bought me drinks, the bartender recognised me because we go to the same uni and my parents were completely fine with us flirting. Overall very fun!

It was honestly such a great night, I love them to pieces and hope they know how amazingly cool they are.
.
It's been a year since I discovered you Reddit, and I love it
Not sure if here's where this would fit, but I'm just happy that I discovered reddit a year ago. The people here have helped me get over a lot of things and it has guided me when I haven't been sure as of what to do or how to proceed. 

I love you all Redditors! 

And now I'm wondering, what's your Reddit story?

Edit: Thank you for the gold! Whoever it was. Enjoy and rejoice!
.
I made 45k last year, 5 years removed from making minimum wage.
$45,428.54 to be exact. I know 45k doesn't sound like much to write home about, but I can still remember 5 years ago making $7.25 an hour, applying for food stamps, living with relatives, and thinking to myself "If only I could make $12 an hour, I could get my own little apartment, and I would be ok".


I went to the local Community College and got an Associates Degree in Networking, and started working in the IT field while I was still in college, going from $10 an hour, to $12, to $14.40, $16.67, $18.81 and now i'm over $21 an hour and it blows my mind that I can consider myself "Middle class". I live in a rural area that is inexpensive to live, and I make above the median salary for this area. 


I feel like a success as I love my job, but this is not the kind of thing I can brag about to anybody I know because salary is taboo.



*EDIT: Holy wow, I didn't expect this to resonate with so many people! I created a throwaway to post this! I'm going to read through the comments and reply now. Thank you guys for your words of encouragement.
.
Went out on a Tinder date during the weekend.
And it was amazing. We chatted for 8 hours over coffee, then dinner and more coffee until she need to go home taking the last shift of the train. We talked the most random things the whole day and kept poking fun with each other. We had such a good time on our Saturday date that we decided to meet again on Sunday at the same Starbucks. I finally muster up the courage and held her hand. Got my tummy all glittery. 

I've never spent so much time with a single person in a day for so long and yet feel so comfortable. Sadly, she's flying to Europe this week and be there for at least a year. We'll probably never meet again after this but I'm glad that we spent the weekend being  silly together, having silly conversations. I'll definitely miss her. 

Anyway, just needed to vent out. Thanks for stopping by if you're reading.
.
I haven't travelled in over a decade and was going to cancel my trip due to anxiety. I have just spent my first 24 hours in the States visiting from London and so glad that I didn't cancel :)
Here are my initial thoughts:

-It feels a lot less uptight and more relaxed than in England

-The guys are way hotter over here. I planned to avoid going on dates abroad but now I am not so sure...

-No one told me the number of words we use differently: bin/trash, cash point/ATM, cinema/theatre... 

-Everything feels way over the top. Now I know why people call Britain "Little America"... 

-People look angry but then are so friendly when you actually chat with them. 

-The American flag is everywhere. 

-It feels wrong seeing police routinely carry guns. 

-4 way intersections with no traffic lights are terrifying. Where are the roundabouts? 


Travelling really is amazing. Even between cultures that are quite similar it's amazing to see and appreciate the differences. I am in a slightly rural area now but will be going to more of a city in a few days. 

I have some downtime and would love to chat about everyone's first impressions of America/Britain! 

EDIT: Wow this post really blew up. I think it confirms that we all love it when someone comes to our home and enjoys themselves.

Thank you so much everyone for all the helpful tips and well wishes. I have been innundated with things to do and will definitely be dropping out a few PMs to find out more about a couple of things. 

Just in case anyone is interested in hearing it, I will do a full scale update about my trip when I head back to London the week after next.

PS If anyone is free on the Saturday of Labour day weekend and doesn't mind wasting it with me it would be really cool to ditch my family for a bit and meet up! Let me know (by PM or comment here) 
.
I ate a bowl of oatmeal this morning and i never had so much energy for my 8 hour work/ school day today and I’m so shook that I didn’t get headaches.
I’m used to getting headaches during long 2 hour classes and thought it was because it was stress of staying in one place too long or long lectures. Haha, funny to know that I actually needed breakfast when I was always under the impression that I didn’t. I love oatmeal so much. Cheers to oatmeal, bananas, and frozen blueberries. Today was one of my most productive and active days yet academic wise.
.
I finally got my GED!
It's taken me two years to get here, and it took all of my power to not break down at the testing center. I'm just so excited, I have to share the good news!
.
Anyone else just want a hug right now?
I don't know, I've been feeling very lonely these days. Don't you just wish people were more open to hugs and kisses in general? I would personally want either of those things right now.
.
It just dawned on me I've never seen a Corgi in person
I *LOVE* Corgis but just now realized all the ones I've seen are in pictures. It feels like my whole life is a lie. 

Are they even real??? Are they just a hoax perpetuated by Reddit???

I don't know what to believe anymore 😭
.
I havent drunk coffee in all of my 22 years of life until recently but now that Ive given it another go I feel AMAZING
Its totally different to redbull or other energy drinks, I feel so aware and awake and that I can achive anythink I want! 

(P.s I wrote this in 0.3576 seconds)
.
My dog is such a faker.
My dog Teddy put the "shit" in shih tzu.  He does not like the cold or snow, but he knows when he goes out to pee, he gets a treat when he comes in.  I'm home today due to snow and twice he has whined and cried to go out.  He just stands in front of my apartment for a second and then comes back in, hoping I didn't notice he didn't pee so he'll get a treat.  Wanker.
.
Do you ever look back on a past "version" of yourself and think "wow, I was so naive and stupid, what was I thinking?" But then start to worry about what you'll think of your current self in the future?
Edit: Wow why did i even post this, i'm so dumb, what was I thinking? 

 But its like instead of looking forward to being a more grown person in the future I worry about what will be wrong with present me when I get to that future person. It's almost like I'm being watched. 
.
Controversial thought (for reddit), but I think pineapple pizza is good. Anyone else?
Around 3 months ago I started getting into it. I tried a hot pineapple pizza with jalapenos and hot sauce. The heat really goes well with the sweet. Now whenever I go to a pizza place, I want to try one of their Hawaiian pizzas. Anyone else a fan of the forbidden (pizza) fruit?
.
Very proud dad
Today my seven year old came home from school and told me about her day. She started off with dad we had to wear blue to school today cause one of our class mates has a disease. She then told me that the little boy can’t talk cause of issues with his tongue. I responded o well that’s sad she then cut me off and said but it’s okay cause I got to play with him and help him learn with sign language and we had so much fun. I’m very proud of her she has a kind heart and never points out people’s flaws.  
.
When i was a teenager, signing up for Facebook made me feel like an adult for some reason. Now that i am an adult, choosing to delete my Facebook makes me feel even more grown up
Deleting my Facebook was so liberating and made me feel so much better. I miss having something to do but it was a hassle always worrying about it which is why I deleted it, I was becoming too concerned with it
.
Told my GF I loved her for the first time. Never been happier in my life
I can't stop reliving the moment in my head. We woke up on her bed, and she was rubbing her nose on my face and making all these faces at me, which made me laugh and realize how in love with her I was. I guess I didn't say anything for a while, so she asked me what's up and all I could say was, "I think I'm in love with you." We both froze for a few seconds, but then she smiled and said she loved me too and now I just have a warm, fuzzy feeling in my heart. This is so amazing!

Edit: I just want to thank everyone for their sweet replies! I really appreciate each and every one of them, you guys are too kind!
.
I just proposed to my girlfriend. She said yes!!!
I was so nervous asking her, even though she told me a few weeks ago that, if I asked, she'd say yes. We're currently long distance and asked her over Skype, but we had already had plans in motion for getting a place together. I didn't actually have a physical ring either, so I showed her a picture of what I had picked out. It was a good thing too because, while she liked the ring, she had already had a few ideas of her own, so now we're both looking at rings together. I'm so elated right now. I just wanted to share it with somebody. 

Anyone else have any nontraditional proposals? 
.
Today I met someone who’d never heard of my country
I’m a Dutch girl travelling through the US with my friend who’s American but has a Dutch accent. We where talking as we paid for a hotel room and the lady behind the counter asked us where we where from, I like talking about my country so I told her I’m from the Netherlands. Her response? “Oh, where is that? Never heard of that place”. 
Amsterdam didn’t ring a bell either. Or Belgium. (My friend told her it was a neighbouring country)
And earlier this vacation a different guy asked me if my country was ‘developed’ and he was surprised when I told him it was. 

I’ve met a lot of super nice Americans who did know at least a little about my country, and I don’t blame people for not knowing about it but still? I can’t help but be a little offended. I know my country is small, but it played its part in the history of the world and it’s not like it’s completely irrelevant on a global scale? 

Has this happened to others? And am I wrong to be bothered by it? 

Edit: 
Wow this blew up! I just wanted to say I don’t expect anyone to know a lot about my country, I don’t even mind if someone can’t point out the general area on a map- I was just surprised someone had literally never heard of it 

Also, this was in Phoenix, Arizona, not in some secluded rural area where people don’t have internet access 
.
Yay me! Today marks 1yr cigarette free!
No it's not an April fool's joke, LOL, I actually quit smoking on April fool's Day. I'm proud of myself and I just wanted to tell someone. 

I decided this year, today, I'm going to quit drinking soda. It's just so unnecessarily sweet. They all just taste the same, like liquid sugar.

Wish me luck!


Edit: thanks for all the encouragement and kind words! Internet strangers are awesome, I don't care what your mama told you.
.
I borrowed my dad's SUV for work yesterday and discovered that he has the tassel from my graduation cap hanging from his rearview mirror.
There's more than a thousand different ways to say "I love you," and most of those don't ever involve saying a single word. :)
.
I feel like I can never really talk about my religion on reddit and that makes me sad..
I'm a proud Muslim. Straight up. On here, though, I never feel like I can talk about the intricacies and beauties of my religion without being bashed or hated on.

Edit 1: I want to let you know I'm not responding anymore cause it became a lot more hate and backlash than the casual conversation I intended. Also, if there are any other Muslims that they can answer for me but I won't be. Thanks for the gold and those of you that had interesting stories and questions. It's been a wild one!

Edit 2: Also fact check everything I've said! I probably got some things wrong, and DM me to correct me!
.
Anyone else feel sad when seeing older people eating alone in a public place?
I always feel so sad when I see elderly people eating by themselves. I don't really know why - half the time I'm also eating by myself and don't mind it that much. But if I'm eating somewhere and I see an old person alone it makes me feel bad the entire meal.
.
I just got home and found my pet, my best friend, dead. I wanted to share his picture with y'all.
https://imgur.com/gallery/U22NG

It's a small album, but I hope y'all can appreciate how cute he was!
.
I quit smoking thanks to my GF.
And I feel pretty great about it!

We haven't been dating long, and even though she's okay with me smoking weed, she doesn't care to be around me when I'm high. I get why, too. I get pretty dimwitted and slow. She didn't force an ultimatum or anything, just a simple request. But here's the thing: she brings me more peace of mind than pot ever has. I had been waffling on whether or not to quit for a number of reasons, but everytime I'd get stress I would inevitably fall back on it, but now I don't feel the need to. My time with her is so much more enjoyable than when I'd be high. 

And even though it's not been long, I can already see some improvements - notably in my creativity, which had sharply declined around the time I started smoking. I used to write pages a day in my spare time, but as the years wound on, my creative spark dimmed and nearly went out completely. Now I'm back to writing, not much but theres progress everyday. If I keep this up, maybe in the coming years I could finally achieve my dream and become a published author.
.
Does anyone else feel that it’s a bit unfortunate that rainbows have become the symbol for LGBTQ+?
Before you start giving me backlash allow me to explain a little bit, please!

I have absolutely nothing against the LGBTQ+ community, I’m unconditionally supportive. If it’s important to you, I will identify myself as a 21 year old straight male. I’m not trying to start a political debate here, and I’m not trying to attack anyone. I just want to know if anyone feels the same way as me or can tell me I’m wrong for feeling this way. 

Basically, I like rainbows. I like colors and rainbows can be great fashionably. What I don’t like is that I can’t wear rainbows without feeling like it’s automatically being assumed that I’m gay or that I’m straight wearing the rainbow in support. Not that either of those things are bad, it ultimately wouldn’t matter to me if someone thought I was gay, I’m sure people do. But what if I just want to wear it because I like how it looks? To me, it’s almost like assuming someone is royalty because they’re wearing purple. Rainbows are essentially just a color scheme. I could see this potentially being annoying to someone that is LGBTQ+ as well. 

So am I the only one? Is this flawed thinking and I should just wear rainbows if I want to?

EDIT: Due to the huge amount of unexpected replies, I will not be reading every comment. I did just want to say that I have no problem with people assuming anything about me. My point was that if I’m wearing a rainbow, I’m not wearing it with the intention of it being associated with LGBTQ+. That’s not my point in wearing it. It’s something as generic as a rainbow that inherently doesn’t hold value on its own. But people assign meaning to it regardless (whether it’s negative or positive) and it’s unfortunate to me that a simple pattern with no context could start an uproar or possibly even limit potential romantic encounters due to preconceived prejudices. 

So ultimately it’s a social fallacy in that we assume what people stand for when we take a single glance at them. Not everybody does it, but it’s a pretty common social issue 
.
I found out today the whole human race almost became extinct about 70,000 years ago and my mind is blown.
I found it actually on a AskReddit post a few days ago, [for those interested it is the Toba Catastrophe](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Toba_catastrophe_theory). Basically it was a volcanic explosion that caused almost all of humanity to go into extinction, leaving 3-10 thousand people left on Earth. It also states today's humans come from 1-10 thousand breeding pairs about 70,000 years ago, when the explosion occurred.

It blows my mind that today's 7 billion people come from just a mere 10,000 at most. I am so fascinated by it. How we almost became extinct because of a volcanic explosion 70,000 years ago, which in reality doesn't seem that long ago compared to how long the world has been around. How all of humanity could have been gone if nobody survived. Imagine that?

What other mind-blowing facts do you know?

Edit: I found out about this like 2 days ago, but didn't really fact check it until today. 
.
My family's idea of family bonding is literally us watching my sister play Fortnite
My 15 year old sister is a very bright student, the type of student who would get straight A's but never studies. Everyday she comes back from school and she immediately jumps on games like R6S, Overwatch and Fortnite. The only time when our family would get together is during dinner. My sister, Sarah, would finish hers quickly so she could jump straight back to video games.

We would eat in the living room where the PS4 is located, so we'd watch her play while eating and just talk. Sometimes we would help her by pointing out to things like "Sarah, there's somebody inside the building on the left." and she'll respond "Got it."

She's surprisingly a very good gamer. Last time I checked she's now in Diamond in OW while I'm stuck in Gold but I don't really play much so I don't mind. She'd rage a lot too and my mom would worry about her but she never does bad in school, her grades didn't slip, her co-curricular activities are in check so I guess she let it slide.

I don't know how she does it but hey.





.
Does anyone else remember when this sub was pretty small, and all the posts were just, “how was you’re day?”
*your fuck

I remember browsing this sub and pretty much all of the posts were just “whatcha doing?” “How was your day”, “hey Reddit how has your day been?”

It was a pretty wholesome place. Quiet and not many posts. It’s much different now but I remember just coming here to talk to people

Edit: ah, I still like this sub lol, I was just taking about how it used to be 
.
Graduated college today and I still feel like there's an assignment I'm forgetting that's due tonight at 11:59.
Kinda crazy that you spend your whole life in the classroom and one day you just don't anymore. I guess that's how life goes sometimes.
.
This is the hardest time of the year! And you’ll be okay!
I’ve seen a lot of posts talking about how sad it gets and that’s natural! The shorter days and holidays are rough even if you love it all! But with more sun comes better days! That’s just science, stick it through, more suicides happen this time of their year than any other and that’s so sad, be your best you and surround yourself with nothing but the best!
.
I don't know when it happened, but I may be becoming a functioning human being?
I submitted a post here about a year ago so proud of myself because I worked past some anxiety to buy a donut at school. That sounds like such a super small thing, but it was pretty big for me.

Since then, I've nearly finished up at school, just one class left that I plan to knock out during the summer. I've taken and survived a speech class (and got an A!), I joined a community band and started playing my flute again, and I realized just yesterday that I have gotten noticeably better at socializing.

When I moved here I didn't have anyone but my SO and his family. When we broke up, I didn't really have anyone. I realized this semester that I have at least one person in every class that I talk to and genuinely enjoy. I participate in class, and I'm having a much easier time chatting with someone if I have to. I just had to do a group project for one of my classes, and while I didn't necessarily like them much, I had no problem throwing out ideas and making small talk and we got an A on our presentation from a professor who has historically been a hard ass.

I had to give a presentation in my bio class yesterday and I wore a pretty dress and felt good about myself. I stopped and got a chai and some breakfast tacos from a little place I walk past daily but have never worked up the courage to try, then I went to class and nailed my presentation. Afterwards, the guy behind me asked if I wanted to study together and got my number.

This is getting long, but I'm happy and I feel like I've come a long way. There's definitely still much progress to be made, but having people to talk to, feeling a little more confident and seeing improvements in myself makes me very hopeful!

Edit: I just wanted to throw a little note here and say WOW, you have all seriously made my day. I would have never expected this many amazing responses, but I've had the biggest smile on my face reading them all day.

Thank you all so much, sincerely, for taking the time to comment, offer advice, and share your experiences. It really means a lot to me. This is such a lovely community!
.
Would anyone be interested in casual AMA with my 66 year old grandfather?
My grandma is currently in a hospital due some health issues and I am spending a few nights with my grandpa. Later today we are going to have some wine and just hang out a bit.

His life story includes being briefly chased by Interpol, surviving a car crash where two of his good friends died, dating but not living  with my grandma for over 20 because they both had to take care of their families. He also went to jail for a couple of days which he calls the only vacation he ever had.
.
Name a physical attribute you are insecure about, I will try to give an example of that same attribute in a positive light.
Here's mine:

I used to be insecure about having a big forehead, but as silly as it sounds, I saw Rihanna and I felt a lot better. She a has a big forehead and if she can have one and be beautiful then I can too! 

How about you?


Haha you guys I have like 50 unread messages and counting but I'll get you so just be patient pls!


Y'all my last post got like 9 comments I wasn't expecting this

Still though I love the love that's happening!


Hey guys I just wanna say it's getting a bit late and I still have around 150 messages so if I don't answer yours tonight that is probably because I feel asleep! But I will answer it in the morning and I apologize for answering so late. I also saw some comments that said "I'm late but-" and I just wanna say if you wanna post any thing overnight go ahead! I will answer in the morning so you can ask away! Or if this threat is a week old when your reading his just go ahead anyway! I'm am still answering it is just taking me a while to do that.

P.S thank you for all the kind word and cool gold! 
.
I once found and turned in a diamond tennis bracelet and got a reward for it.
EDIT:  I'm both surprised pleased about the amount of responses this post has generated.  The stories here reinforce that there is a lot of good in our world despite what bad things are happening in it. Thank you to everyone who has shared their stories. I personally try to do good things in my life and don't normally talk about them.  But I do remember anything bad I've ever done to someone else.  Even if I were dishonest and kept someone else's expensive property, the guilt would drive me insane.

&#x200B;

I worked as a cashier in a grocery store when I was in college.  One evening a nice older couple came through my line, and soon after they left, I found a diamond tennis bracelet on the aisle floor beside the register.  I was young and didn't know anything about jewelry, so I picked it up and set it on my register until I had a moment to take it to the front desk. When I turned it in, the manager said "I think I know who this belongs to," and something like "this is an expensive bracelet."

An hour later the older man comes to my line and shakes my hand and thanked me for turning in the bracelet and gave me twenty dollars, commenting, "It's good to know there are still honest people in this world."  Of course I thanked him back and was grateful for the extra cash since I was always broke.

Thing is, it never dawned on me to keep the bracelet.  I didn't know its value, but even if I did, I would have turned it in.  And even would do the same today.

&#x200B;

About ten years ago, my wife lost her tennis bracelet in the grocery store, and when she went back to look for it, it had been turned in by one of the sackers.  She thanked the girl and offered to give her twenty dollars for its return, but she refused.

&#x200B;

Bottom line is that it's not that I'm surprised that there are still honest people in this world.  I believe that most people ARE honest and will do the right thing in a given situation.  Sure there are dishonest people, but I believe there are more honest than dishonest people.

&#x200B;

The other day my ten year old saw a dime on the floor and showed it to the lady behind him and asked if she had dropped it.  She said she hadn't but told him to keep it.  She later went to my wife and complimented her on his honesty.  And that was a nice thing to do.
.
Does anyone feel better during gloomy weather?
Is it just me? 
Nothing else feels better than waking up to a cold and cloudy morning, checking into the news to find out its gonna be like this for a day or two. 
When a Storm/Low Pressure Area means bad news for most people, for me it usually means that its going to be a good day.

I need help

Edit: didn't really expect this many replies, i just wanted to know other people's perspective on this. Im gonna go and hit the hay and thanks to all of you who shared. 

Y'all are awesome
.
50th blood donation. Been a long-term, low-key goal for me.
So yeah, been donating since I was allowed to at 16. Missed a few because of random malaria malarky, but not too many. Just finished my 50th donation.

Worthwhile, in general, if only for the warm fuzzies.
.
Someone told me that I was "hot" today
After spending almost an year trying to get myself together after a really bad breakup, I have started dating again. So, today this girl I am seeing told me that I was really "hot". It's kind of threw me off because as a guy, I am not really used to getting such direct compliments and I thought nobody would ever find me attractive after my ex. 

We are seeing each other again soon. I don't know who else to tell this.
.
My parents are finally supporting my hobbies.
Ever since my brother was a young kid he was into sports. Baseball, basketball, golf--he had phases in almost everything, but these three mainly. So my parents bought him top of the line baseball bats, golf clubs, shoes, and put him in every league you could imagine. He's 20 now and for Christmas, his gift is always a week long trip across the country to golf.

My hobby since the tender age of ten? Fishkeeping. I love this hobby and it's been nearly constant for over ten years. I've had multiple tanks (that I've paid for), I've bred various types of fish, I'm on all the online fish forums. It's my favorite thing in the world. They keep me alive sometimes, having to take care of a fragile ecosystem. 

Only thing is, my parents always HATED it. When I'd ask for a tank for Christmas? An eye roll. When I'd excitedly tell them I finally managed to breed a species of catfish I'd never bred before? Don't give a shit.

Lately my mom has taken a liking to my angelfish. I'm not sure why, she's never cared about any of my fish before, but she's into them. Cool! Yet last Christmas I asked for a bigger tank for them. Nope. It's not a space problem, it's not a money problem--it's just they didn't care. Which, to an extent is fine I guess, but I expect a *little* more from people who've been to every single golf, basketball and baseball game for my brother and spend thousands to get him the right golf clubs.

I brought this up to my mom. Nicely. Just said "it isn't really fair that we give *brother* anything sports related, but when it comes to my hobby I'm not even allowed to do much."

And immediately she apologized and promised for my birthday I get a bigger tank! All paid for (which I did t expect at all. I expected she'd only *let* me use my own money to buy a larger tank, but she agreed that they support my brother's hobbies--why can't they support mine?)

I am SO excited for this! 


.
Slushies are the beverage of diminishing returns
The first few gulps of a slushie is like tasting the nectar of the Gods! How it combats the hellish summer heat and stimulates your taste buds with a delicious fruity blasts but exactly two minutes in that all changes. 

The perfect balance between shredded ice and syrup gives way to nothing but an immobile pile of flavoured frost that forces you to plunge your straw in and out constantly looking for that last spot of flavor- it's the oral rehydration equivalent of panning for gold.

In my impatience, I always tear off the lid and vigorously shake the cup back and forth by my mouth, sickening passing mothers and priests alike with my flagrant act of fellatio. Eventually that "2cool4skool" dog in the winter coat that plasters the side of the cup feels magnanimous enough to ejaculate the contents of the cup into my mouth, I now have to contend with the pain and shame of having this huge clumps of ice filling my cheeks and causing the sides of my head to writhe in aganoy!

Tl;dr: slushies are really good and I'd benefit to let them thaw more

Edit: wow thanks for the gold! To review what I've been told:

Eat it with a spoon/bigger straw

Give the bottom the ol' tappa tappa

Don't use a straw to begin with


I also saw some name drops for some very nice sounding outlets but I live in Africa so they're off the books :P
.
I'd like a game show where teams debate a controversial topic, but aren't allowed to openly pick a side and only gain points after arguing for and against. Where the objective is to properly understand both sides.
So an example debate might be "Euthanasia" but rather than having two teams being "For" and "Against", there could be a number of teams and each one would have to put forward arguments for AND against the topic.

The current ideas I had are:

 * Points could be scored for:
* Making good points
* Successfully arguing other team's points
* Bonus points for making particularly good points or defending from another team's argument.

 * Points could be lost for:
* Showing bias by only arguing for one side 
* Lying or spreading inaccuracies (False statistics etc.).

 * Points could be scored by arguing for and against, but only after successfully arguing both sides.
* So each point arguing FOR a topic gives -1 point, but if you also have a point AGAINST the topic, they cancel and give 2 points.
* Bonus points would be tracked differently

The fact that people would need to remain unbiased while still remaining competitive would mean every argument would need to be airtight or it would be picked apart. People wouldn't be happy to let bad arguments survive simply because they are on the same "side".

There would probably be a panel of relevant experts deciding whether a team's argument is valid, and penalising lies and correcting inaccuracies. Maybe have one person from each side of the argument but they're not revealed until the end, and they might even discuss their favourite points from the side opposing their own. There might even be bonus points for correctly guessing which is which.

The winner would be decided by points and rather than either topic being considered the winner, people would use the arguments to decide for themselves.

What do you guys think?

---

I always keep my political opinions to myself when I'm discussing them with others and I was wondering what a gameshow like this would be like. I like it because people don't know if I'm on their side or not, so I find they work harder on their arguments rather than just countering what I say.
.
So im literally paid to use reddit now
Part of a marketing team and had a meeting regarding advertising/distribution channels. The usual answers of linkedin, facebook were discussed when i suggested reddit. 

The people had no idea what reddit was and for what we were doing (business intelligence and visual analytics ) it just so happened to be quite apropos. 

So now i have a team of scientists backing me up to make shit posts on reddit. 

Hows your day?
.
happy new years, for those of us spending it on reddit! comment one of your resolutions/hopes and ill draw an animal cheering you on
or just comment something for me to draw for you to kick off the new year with kindness haha. gf broke up with me on the eve so i want to spread positivity around for us down on the new year :)

edit 1hr later: jeez, reddit gold, theres so much warmth in this thread ;;__;; thank you! i'd glad i can brighten your days/nights doing what i can. i'm a slow drawer but I will get to everyone :)

edit2 : the last three hours have just filled me with so much warmth :,) i wish i could get to more of you before i head to bed, but i'll continue in the morning! everyone will get one!! not only am i glad to support you all but you also kept me occupied on what would've been a rough new years eve, the positivity and hope in this thread is unreal ;__;
.
Anyone here remember Stumbleupon?
just found out they are shutting down today. Even though I haven't used it in years, I'm still kinda sad about it - I found so many cool sites and articles just strolling through that webpage and to this day I've never quite found a website like it. 

It really was unique in a way and it's a shame they are shutting down!

PS: If anyone knows of a way to save all your likes on your profile, that would be amazing. I've got over 1.1K and bookmarking every single one is not possible :p
.
If you live in California, put some shoes by your bed tonight!
I don’t live there so I hope that everyone is already aware of this but a lot of the injuries that result from an earthquake are actually from people who wake up and start frantically running around barefoot! Please, put some shoes by your bed so you don’t stab yourself in the foot with a glass shard from a broken picture frame or something. Stay safe!
.
You know that cute girl in your class you've always wanted to ask out? I did just that...
So ever since the first class, I saw this cute girl and I've been wanting to talk to her. I never talked to her until today, during our final class together. 


I sat next to her and realised I forgot to bring my pencil case (genuinely) so I thought it was a good conversation starter to ask if I could borrow a pen from her. We ended up talking and sharing a few laughs, so at the end of the class, I said "fuck it", I'm gonna ask her out.


Didn't work out. I fucked up pretty badly. I spoke faster than Eminem on Rap God and had no idea what I was saying at one point. I kind of just spilled the words out "Thanks for the pen, how about I take you out to lunch t-" and I didn't even finish my sentence and she gave me an embarrassed laugh, shook her head, and said "No"


I kind of just laughed it off after class and shook my head, thinking "What was I doing?! That was a terrible segue into asking her out" 


I don't regret it though, I'm usually introverted and self-conscious about talking to girls, so I'm glad I didn't pass up the opportunity to ask her out. I think it would have been worse if I was left with the regret of not trying. 


I hope this story doesn't discourage you! 


Thanks for listening, I'm glad I could share this slightly embarrassing experience with you guys.


Have you got any embarrassing stories?

EDIT: I had no idea this would blow up, but I really appreciate all of your responses and encouragement. Just thought I'd also add in this extra piece of detail - I never ended up giving her pen back (not on purpose), so now I have a kick-ass pen to use! 
.
Went out for dinner alone, happen to sit behind two people on a blind date. Cringe ensues. And yet happy ending.
Decided to go out and have dinner on my own tonight. A couple of minutes after being seated I start to notice a loud voice near by. Doesn’t take me long to realize I’m sitting behind a couple on a blind date. I try to mind my own business but more and more I get the feeling this guy wants everyone in the room to hear what he has to say. As I’m enjoying my drink I start to hear this guy list off the things he “doesn’t hate” pretty soon the guy says something like “so I’ve decided to use my anger for good” 

And before you say it, no he wasn’t discussing some kind of personal struggle that he overcame. The guy was trying to sound like he was some kind of superman. He then started talking about how no matter how hard he gets punched no one can hurt him. I’m not trying to shame the guy or anything, remember he’s being super loud here. But we’re not talking about some kind of mountain of a man. He’s roughly 5’6” and about 190lbs. Judging from when he stood up to use the restroom. Well this goes on for a while, about 15 minutes later I’m completely shocked when I hear the girl laughing at his anecdotes and adding to the conversation. In the end it seemed like these two hit it off. I’m happy for them. I wonder if they’re going to make it?


Edit: Didn’t think so many people were going to find this post very interesting. Thank you guys for weighing in. Even those of you who think I made it all up :)
.
I just noticed Ellen Pao is a moderator on this subreddit.
Welcome! Even though some of us may or may not agree with aspects of the current Reddit drama we can all chill out here, no matter our opinions.

I just made some beautiful potassium ferrioxalate solution in my lab today, what are you all up to?

[edit] She's here guys!
.
My mom went on a big rant about how she hates that people are calling clouds "butts" nowadays
A long time ago I guess I installed the clouds to butt extension on her MacBook and forgot about it. It's been like a year later, and she ranted to me how she can't stand that the weather websites call clouds instead of butts and it's a ridiculous trend, and now she's even been seeing her friends on Facebook calling clouds "butts". She even told me the other day she was with her friend and he had ranted to her about how she couldn't understand it, but her friend was British so she just assumed it was an American thing. Once she had told me all of this I was sure what the cause was, so I opened up her MacBook and went on chrome. Sure enough she had one extension installed and it was the clouds to butts one. I don't think I stopped laughing the entire night. Love you momma :) 

Edit: fixed a mistake someone noticed from /r/bestof. Also thanks for whoever bought me gold. I can't wait to inform my mom that someone gave me the equivalence of $4 to me over a story I posted on the internet. 

Edit 2: @noahlandaa hey add me on snapchat because im lonely 

Edit 3: I told her about how strangers paid money to read my story and to quote her she said "oh brother". She tried to hide a smile though I saw that momma. 
.
Partner asked me to move in!
My partner (M25) just asked me (F24) to move in with him. I am so over the moon happy, I am totally in love with this person. I just had to tell someone 😂
.
Am I the only person that tries to upvote all the comments on one of my posts or is that pretty common?
 I feel like their is a lot of negativity on reddit at times, so whenever I make a post, I try to upvote anyone who comments. I feel like if someone takes the time to write something out, even if they disagree with my post (and if they make a very civil comment disagreeing with me), I’ll give them an upvote because I feel like they deserve it. 

I’m wondering if anyone else does this because I’d like to see that reddit isn’t just a bunch of negative Nancy’s.

Also, I’ve never had a post with a huge amount of comments but I would understand someone not upvoting thousands of comments. 

Edit: Well shit, I have my work cut out for me

Edit 2: Okay I did it, Ive upvoted every comment on this thread except one (Im sure you can guess which one). Please no one else comment lol
.
My 11 yo daughter’s heart is broken upon realizing there is no such thing as a baby butterfly...
While I understand this is not a HUGE thing to work through, her sensitivity to things has made it so I have been comforting her about it. What life realizations have you had to help your kids through? 
.
A woman just complimented me for the first time ever, I'm a dude.
I was just walking down my daily route to the office with my headphones in. This woman comes up from behind me and taps my shoulder to get my attention. I pull put my headphones and she just smiles and says that I look very handsome. 

Caught off guard and just gave a very broken "thank...you??? " She says welcome and just continues her way in the opposite direction. 

I feel really awkward! But somehow I feel really good about this interaction. It felt really nice.  :-)
.
I think I can actually feel my depression lifting!
I just wanted to share that after about 6 years of deep depression that saw me lose my friends, my family relationships and even my job, I feel better for the first time. I've noticed recently that I've been thinking about my future, managing finances, even shopping for new clothes (still online, but it's a start). 

Yesterday I started to listen to music again; music I used to listen to and sing along with, I listened to and sang along with last night!

I have also noticed that I can articulate my thoughts better and I even had a normal dream Friday night. My cats are cuter, days are nicer (though I'm still locked inside). Everything just has a brighter sheen to it.

It's not great yet, but I hope it continues. I've needed to move for my new job for months but haven't had the will. I feel like I might be ready to make a change that I've wanted to make for years. I don't know how this is happening, but it is!

I'm sharing it here because I don't really have anyone in my life anymore, especially anyone who knows this side of me and would understand how fucking huge this is. Hopefully one day that will change!

Thanks for listening!
.
I'm having the best time of my life
Last year I broke up with a girl I loved. I wasn't in a good position anyway and that put me in a really low place. Moved away from home for a job and I felt fucking lonely. I'll never forget crouching next to the wall in my rented room five minutes after I moved in and just balling my eyes out.

Now, after a gradual increase of life improvements I'm enjoying life more than ever. I started a diet just to be healthier, I went out just to interact with people, I worked out in my tiny box of a room, I became more confident, I volunteered for things, I taught myself how to ride a bike (never learned) and am now biking to work. I listened to a bunch of great, energized music. Lastly, I now have just been offered a fantastic new job that will let me continue improving myself, my future prospects and I'm moving to a new and beautiful city.

Sorry to go on, but life is fucking fantastic right now, I wake up looking forward to the day, people treat me differently, both women and men. I've received many positive things off people that have helped me along my journey so much. Thanks to all the wonderful people I've met and the ones I no doubt will.

Have a fantastic day everybody, and remember, if you're in a rough situation  right now, if it feels like you have nothing, no prospects - you do, you've just got to desire change enough. It'll snowball if you work for what you want.

Edit - Thank you everyone for your awesome words. I really hope all you guys get what you want in the long or short run. Keep at it and never give up!

Edit - The stories I'm reading are touching my heart. It's beautiful to hear so many people's stories from around the world. I'm trying to reply to each of you but I've got to get some sleep. I love you all and I'll talk soon
.
Who else is on Reddit while they're at work?
Slow day for me. I finally managed to install Chrome on my computer at work because it literally did not work with IE (go figure), so I've got all the world of Reddit to keep me company.

&#x200B;

Anyone else having a browse while they're at work? Let's keep other from work-related-boredom :)
.
My pet tortoise is too rambunctious.
A month and a half ago I got a pet tortoise after doing extensive research. I made sure I had the right enclosure and stuff for her, enough space, enough$$ to take care of her, etc.

Her name is Delilah and she’s a fucking DELIGHT. She loves being handfed, she recognized my voice and comes when called. She loves having her chin rubbed. She called her eyes when I rub her, like she trusts me enough not to hurt her. She also loves food and I know her favorites. 

The tortoise people online said an 8’ by 4’ enclosure would be perfectly fine for her breed. I got multiple opinions and did loads of research. She was also in a 40 gallon (pretty tiny) tank with another tortoise her whole life before I rescued her. So I assumed she’d love an 8’ by 4’ enclosure.

Except the enclosure walls aren’t high enough. I don’t even know HOW. But she’ll escape (sometimes five times a day) and will run around on the carpet. It’s kind of hysterical but alarming because I don’t want her to get hurt! Thankfully I keep the door to her room closed so nobody steps on her or she falls down the stairs.  But I gotta get a new enclosure for her. I’m also convinced she escapes during the day and then vaults back in to get under her heat lamp when it’s cold. 

Overall, a rambunctious pet tortoise. 10/10 for shock value and cuddles and nibbles. Also shockingly way more active than my middle aged cat.
.
Every year I say to myself “wow last year I was really cringy thank god im not this year” and then the very next year I say the same thing
Yep
.
Do you ever realize how amazing your life is?
Yesterday I came to the realization that life for me is great, I have good friends, I'm doing amazing in my college classes, and I think I've lost a bit of weight!
.
A year since I last smoked cigarettes.
Just realised it’s been a year since I quit cigs. All my friends still smoke and my family never knew I smoked in the first place, so I haven’t really had the chance to tell anyone. Feels good though. Been a difficult journey and I can safely say I will never smoke cigarettes again. 

EDIT: Thank-you everyone for the kind words. It means an awful lot! 
.
If I ever discover a new mineral I'm gonna call it Amirite.
I like wordplay.
.
Today is a very special day: as of today, I'm legally a woman named Ayane. Incidentally, today is also my birthday!
[I'm the same girl from five months ago...](https://www.reddit.com/r/CasualConversation/comments/7gnwtr/today_i_am_presenting_as_a_woman_for_the_first/) I am now 22, and five hours from the time of posting this, I will have received a decree from the court to make it official.

It's been a long road getting here - a journey full of painful moments and sacrifices, but the fight is finally over. Today marks the beginning of my real journey, the beginning of my life as a woman. I never have to hide what is in my heart ever again.

I'm feeling a strange emotion - it's not exactly joy, but a kind of calmness or serenity. If I die now, I no longer have to worry about the thought of never having existed.

---
Update: Wow, this blew up. The deed is done! Thank you all so much for your kind comments. Even if I don't respond to everyone, I'm really happy that you care. You guys are awesome! <3
.
At 37 years old I still have a recurring dream that I've forgotten one of my college classes and haven't gone all semester.
Crazy how many people share this dream with such similarity! I should log what's going on the next time I have this dream. TIL Reddit is loaded with stressed people.
.
Do you ever feel like you're smart, but you're not *that smart*?
I am finishing up my bachelor's degree and trying to get into accredation programs for certain medical jobs, but every program only accepts like ~15 people a year. I know I'm smart, I've kept all my scholarships, but I've had a lot of anxiety about if I'm *that smart*. 

Has anyone else gone for something they haven't felt like they were really qualified for? How did it go? 
.
Need a pick-me-up? Post below and I'll give you a heartfelt compliment
It's prime Seasonal Depression season, and I know a lot of us struggle with our image over the holidays. If you're feeling down, having a rough day, or if you feel fine but could use a little smile, comment below.

I'll take a quick look through your post history and find something about you that I like. Everyone deserves a little love for being who they are.  <3

**EDIT: I have over 100 messages in my inbox. Holy crap.  I'll continue to work through responses for as long as my fingers hold out.  I love you all."**

**EDIT 2: Ok guys, I am officially tuckered out. I need to call it a day for now, as I have a meeting across town in a few hours. I will pick up tomorrow or this weekend when I have the time!  Thank you all for your love and support.**
.
I’m so happy!! I’m 96 pounds!!
I’ve been really underweight lately. My depression has stolen my appetite and almost my life. In January I weighed 89 pounds soaking wet, and I felt like I was literally dying, like my body was wasting away because I couldn’t will myself to eat. 

It took 5 whole months to get to the point I’m at now, and I want to make it to triple digits one day. I’ve literally never weighed in the triple digits before and I’m 20 years old. I’m so close, I’m so happy that I’ve been able to get through this.

Edit: thank you guys so much for all your support!! I woke up this morning to see all this and you guys have given me so much more strength and hope. I’m going to make it to 100 pounds, nothing can stop me.

Edit 2: just for info I am a woman who is 5’ 2 and I know 100 is still slightly underweight for my height but it would just feel so good to finally get there. Then I can worry about getting to a healthy BMI.
.
I'm 33 and today is my first day of college.
Edit: I definitely wasn't expecting this post to blow up in the way it did. I thank every single one of you for the words of encouragement. To the others that went back to school late and kicked it's ass, well done! To those that might be thinking about it still, just do it! You CAN do it. For those that asked about my major, I'm starting with an AA in Comp. Network Engineering and will hopefully continue for a BA. Thank you Reddit. You've made me feel a lot better about Billy Madisoning.

I'm terrified. The entire process of just registering has given me severe anxiety. I did well enough on my placement testing that my first math class is accelerated algebra. I never had good grades in HS, especially math, albeit was never for a lack of intelligence. I was 30 before I was diagnosed with ADHD and ever since that things have made a lot more sense. Even after the "diagnosis" I was always one of those skeptical ones about ADHD even being a thing because I was fairly ignorant to it in the past (Hi Mom/Dad). But now that I've see how effective treatment can be, it only upsets me that I or my parents didn't understand it when I was younger. Maybe I wouldn't have waited 15 years after HS to go to college? Shrug. Better late than never. 

Whisper sweet nothings in my ears and tell me that my anxiety is irrational :)


.
How can I be less shy online?
I use reddit a lot and have for a while (viewing and upvoting stuff, mostly memes), but I very, *very* rarely post or comment because I feel too shy all of the time whenever I think to. Even making this post was kind of hard. I'm usually not very shy in real life, so idk why I am here. I'm also generally like this anywhere online (on discord I've joined a couple public servers but then never said anything on it).

How can I become more confident online? Also is anyone else like this?

Edit: Wow this post really got a lot more attention than I expected! I already thought that the 50 upvotes and 10 comments was a lot when I went to bed, but after waking up there was a lot more. I read every comment and you guys have all helped boost my confidence with reddit (and online) a lot, so thank you.
.
I ruined a family dinner
We were eating and I talked about how some people are just plain racists, and that is when my stepfather started using the "N" word and I told him that I really don't like that word, and suddenly my whole family got hostile real quick. My mom started saying that she didn't say it in a negative way, and I just told her that I prefer not to hear anyone say that word in any meaning or form. This made her really mad and she started ranting about how she could say it, and my stepfather started ranting about how this was his house and he could say whatever.

He left the dinner table, mom also did the same.

So I am now sitting alone eating taco's by myself.

All this because I told them not to use the "N" word around me.

TLDR; Family got angry because I told them that I did not like that they used the "N" word. 
.
My Barista Knows My Name and It Made My Day
I went into the cafe i've been going to for the past 10 weeks of the semester this morning and placed my regular coffee order and sat down to wait.

A couple minutes go by and I hear "Order for _____" called out. I thank the barista, grab my coffee and leave.

Then it dawned on me, I actually didn't give the person who served me my name when I ordered. The barista, who wasn't even the one who took my order, recognised me and must remember my name and order. 

As someone who only goes in maybe twice a week at most, and only maybe half of those times being when this barista is working, it was such a pleasant surprise. It's such a small thing but it really made my day that little bit nicer. 
.
Today I got a $4/hr raise
My boss called me in for a meeting today. When I got to the meeting he bought me a coffee and then we started talking. He told me he was impressed with my work and that he was very happy to have me around. He ended up giving me a raise from 18/hr to $22/hr. I never asked for a raise so it was a nice surprise!
.
I would’ve been at the Dayton shooting
I’m sorry if this is discombobulated, my brain is all over the place but I would’ve been there but I didn’t feel like going out. My boyfriend wanted to go but I didn’t think it was going to be worth it so we stayed home and went to bed. We woke up to numerous texts and phone calls from his family, my family, our friends. And we didn’t know what happened, then my dad told me. 
     My boyfriend and I would’ve been on the patio right behind where the shooter was standing. My best friend works there, my other friends live there, and they are all safe but my heart hurts for my city. I’ve lived here all my life, I went to school down the street from the Oregon District.
     I am so thankful that police were there but why do we still allow weapons that can kill 9 people and injure dozens more in a minute? My father has guns, my boyfriend has a gun, and I’ve shot guns. They’re fun, sure. But isn’t people’s safety more important than fun?
.
I would love to meet every single person that was born on the same day as me and have a conversation with them and talk about what we’ve done with our lives and what we’ve accomplished/been through.
So any 13/11/1998 babies? 
I tried to post this on r/showerthoughts but they said this was more suitable for here, sorry if this doesn’t belong here either. ☺️
.
Just found out I have a half brother!
Mum and Dad just got back from a trip for my dads high school reunion. We are sitting at the dinner table and dad tells us he has news. I have no idea what to think but he tells us it’s nothing bad, it’s actually really exciting. He tells us about how when he was 18, before he was with my mum, that he was with another girl who he had a kid with named Kyle. 

My mind was blown, it’s something I never thought I would be told. He says the last time he saw him was when he was 10. Kyle had been through many foster families, and had a rough childhood, going through different bad stages, such as drugs. My dad had no idea about any of this and if he knew he would have helped him out. But everything is great now, and he has come out now to be a good person with a partner and 2 kids! He is looking to study in youth services/care to help people going through the same situation he went through.

Kyle had been looking for my dad his whole life and was stoked when he finally found him. The day before mum and dad left, my dad got a message along the line of “Hey do you know a lady named Andrea, did you happen to make a bad decision with her 26 years ago, I think you might be my dad.” My dad replied pretty much saying he knew about him and can’t believe he is hearing from him. 

Kyle tells my dad he cant wait to talk over the phone or even meet him. Dad goes on to tell him he is going on a trip to Canberra for his high school reunion, to which he replied that that was where he lived. It was such a crazy coincidence. So now my dads heading up to Canberra and spends a whole day with Kyle and his family. Dad showed us pictures and the both look so similar and I just couldn’t believe it. 

I’m so happy there was no bad blood from Kyle and he was just so stoked to finally meet his dad. He invited his best friend over and told just about everyone he knew. He really wants to meet me and my brother, my brother is just about 21 and I’m 18.

Mum and dad said they are going to plan a trip for us to go meet Kyle and his family and I just can’t wait, I’m so excited, dad said we would get along so well. 
.
I think headlights from oncoming cars are often too bright and can be a driving hazard at night.
Is anyone else routinely temporarily blinded by headlights from other cars on the road? It seems that headlights are getting brighter on average (I have no idea if that’s true). Or maybe I’m getting old. Either way, these wildly bright lights make it damned hard to see the road sometimes. 
.
After my 5th attempt, I finally passed my driving exam.
Feels so good! I've been trying to get this for years. I'm 23 and its been a real strain on my confidence and self belief, not having my drivers license. However, from today I'm officially licensed and never need to worry about this again. 
.
My grandma has had dental problems for years but now got her teeth done so she's sending pics around to everyone
Its kinda cute actually.

Shame she's been struggling with her health in general for a long time, being unable to afford medical care.

Recently, she got onto a medical aid scheme with some veterans association or something because of her service in the army so now she's getting care for her asthma, diabetes, and also her dental care.

For a while now she's been unwilling to even leave the house because she had to have some teeth removed. Apparently she got her teeth done today and so she's sending around pics showing off her smile to everyone in the family.
.
My grandmother just won $1,000,000 with 5 of the winning numbers last night.
Shes in her mid 70's and sells text books to schools. She's been delivering them herself for decades and has been working practically every day of her life up to this point. She finally has a reason to stop and smell the roses, I'm not sure how to congratulate her other than giving her a hug and telling her I love her. 

Edit: This post made me feel good to know many people care about those that do win and show concern towards them, it saddens me to say she did not stay quiet and my mother did in fact (at my grandmothers request) invited many friends and family members to a "lotto winning" party. I advised against it, and was berated and asked (by my sister) to "STFU literally, if you don't want to be involved leave the group text."

I'm proud of my grandma, and wish her the best. And thanks to everyone for their kind and heartfelt words, stay frosty Reddit!
.
Crawling out of poverty.
I've finally done it. 

I'm 18 and have just finally been able to move out of the favelas.

Now I'm not making anything impressive money wise but I'm proud of myself.

Three months ago. I got my first phone. 

A month ago I put a deposit on a one bedroomed flat. 

I have enough to pay my student loan for university. 

I move in in three days.

I know it seems like so little. But for someone who's had nothing. This feels like the world to me. 



Edit: Thanks everyone for your kind words. Should I do an AMA on this sub?

Edit 2: Damn. Thanks so much everyone. I cannot stress how much I thank all of you. 
.
Anyone else think all Marvel movies are kinda the same?
There's some quality to them sure, but they are pretty much the same formula in terms of script, jokes, special effects. I'm fine with watching couple superhero movies a year, but by this point I thought people would grow tired of them. However it's not the case and this movies keep coming and coming in a more increasing pace each year. 

After watching last avengers I was serriously baffled people consider this a good movie. I'm pretty sure one day people will wake up after countless superhero movies like from a bad hangover and it will be over, just like a decade when hollywood only made musicals which are now mostly forgotten with exception of couple movies.
.
I always associated numbers with genders as a kid.
1, 2, 4, 6, 7, 8 and 0 are masculine. 3,5 and 9 are feminine.

I could never figure out why, until today, when I realized that it's because of the cartoon Codename: Kid's Next Door.
.
My mean cat is finally accepting me
We have a cat who's really sweet and nice to everyone except me, he likes to be pet and be held and cuddle. Every time he is hungry he gets impatient and bites and scratches me. He usually sleeps in my parents room overnight, but since a month or so he accompanies me in my room. He doesn't want to be pet, but he lies on my bed, even when I am asleep (!). He doesn't act like he hates me anymore. Don't get me wrong he doesn't 'love' me like other people, but he tolerates me. Kinda like a roommate. We don't interact much but it is nice to be accompanied. Him tolerating me makes me really happy.
.
A Redditor from India reached out to me for help with English
At first, when this person contacted me, I thought they were doing it as a joke, but after asking for help with an issue they were having with English, we had a short discussion about why certain things are as they are in the English language. They mentioned it just being something of a shot in the dark after I asked them why they contacted me. I invited them to ask me questions any time they needed to, despite our time difference. This is the internet it its most pure form: just one person casually being able to connect with another on the opposite side of the world.
.
Ringing the bell at the front desk of any business makes me feel like an ass hole.
There's just something about it that makes me feel like I'm being rude. I would honestly rather just wait for somebody to notice me than ring the bell or yell for someone. I've seen other people ring bells and 90% of the time the person who approaches the counter has an annoyed look on their face. And yeah you could probably chalk that up to bad service but I still don't want to make somebody irrationally upset with me right off the bat. Does anybody else feel this way?
.
I highly recommend having a penpal
I (I'm a guy by the way) met her through Tumblr after I uploaded a video me singing a song on YouTube.

She reblogged/shared my video, and since Tumblr notified me, I decided to say hello.

We bonded over certain anime, TV shows and fandoms.

In fact, we talked so much that Tumblr would limit us.

Because we had so much to talk about, I asked if we could be penpals, writing letters to each other across the Atlantic Ocean (she was from the USA, I was from the UK).

We built a system. 2 versions of our letters: one was bulky and typed up, the most we have had is around 12-15 pages long from each of us.

**And, this is the fun part:**

There was a 2nd letter, which was completely handwritten. 

**She said it was a way for us to convey how we truly felt, and that was by using handwriting.**

We have kept this up for 2 years now, adding presents such as necklaces and charms, Polaroid pictures, poetry, mixed CDs to share music, etc.

We also talk quite regularly on Skype, and often for hours on end. Or play Stardew Valley.

And we have met each other once in real life! 

Here's to finally seeing each other again and writing more letters.

**I highly recommend having a penpal, it's an amazing way to share your life.**

EDIT: Sending DMs to you to see unique and different advice has been super fun. I am reading each and every one of them. :)

Thank you.
.
Just got a call from a blocked number; Was the best call I've gotten in awhile.
Driving home from work, I got a call from a "Number Unknown" caller. Thinking it was some telemarketer I was about to rip a new one for calling at 10:00PM ish, I was really surprised when all the sudden *Let It Go* from the Frozen soundtrack started playing. 

So I let it play. I let it play through the whole song. Throughout the song I obviously had to sing along. It's an amazing song. Occasionally I heard some giggling and the scattered "Shhhh" letting me know there was indeed human life on the other end of the phone. 

Finally, the song ended, and I heard "Than--" before the call ended. 

Anyone else have any awesome stories about phone calls they weren't expecting that went an unexpected direction?

**Edit** wow! Front page lol. Thanks /r/casualconversation! You guys are awesome! 

**Golden Edit** Wow, thank you to the generous Gold-Giver! 
.
Today I brought my own straws to a restaurant and a friend of mine thought it was ridiculous
They are washable stainless steel straws, in order to avoid using plastic straws.  I’m trying really hard to reduce my plastic consumption in general.  The friend that was with me spent the rest of the night making fun of me, trying to debunk the efficacy of my choices, and in general trying to convince me that plastic and the convenience it creates is actually good. 

I’m really baffled that this day and age, and educated person under 40 actually thinks trying to improve ones habits with regard to the environment is a bad thing.   Am I in the minority here? I’m not perfect, but at least I’m trying. 

Edit: thanks for all the conversation.  I appreciate all perspectives.   Just to clarify, I am not taking any moral high ground on anything, im just taking baby steps to reduce my personal consumption of plastic. And yes my friend and I tease each other frequently and it's normal.   I'm not ending the friendship over it, I just found it odd how seriously he took it.   I'm just here for the 'casual conversation' and i really enjoy everyone's contribution
.
I got lucky tonight
This happened just a few minutes ago. Imagine this: it's 1am, you're hungry as hell and drunk as fuck. The fridge is literally empty and the nearby shop won't open for another 6 hours. All the fast food places that are open at this hour are too far away.

That was me. So I went into the kitchen and searched through every single cabinet. When I was about to open the last one I had lost hope. That's why I had to do a double take when I peeked inside. There were two packs of beef noodles in the darkest corner of the cabinet. The cheapest noodles available have never looked that good. 

The water is about to boil and my hunger will be satisfied. I got so lucky.
.
It’s 'per se' not 'persay'/'per say'!
I somehow saw a dozen people on Reddit writing this wrong today and just needed to throw this in the round, because I get the need to be a smartass, but then I don’t correct them and now it’s in the back of my head and that’s why I made this. 

Probably the wrong sub, but it really irks me that so many people write such simple things so wrong. 
.
My Guinea pig just did a running jump onto my lap for the first time
I feel so happy! Pretty sure she only did it because she knows that’s a sure way to get a treat but still. I’m so happy! My piggies didn’t have a very nice start to life and it feels great that they starting to trust me at least a little bit. One definitely more so than the other. No idea why. For some reason she seems to have become more trusting of me after she had her babies recently. 

One comes willingly to my lap. Just need to win over the other one now...

Anyone have any Guinea pig stories or tips?
.
I’m no longer a homeless Veteran!
I was in the Army for 9 years.  I went straight to Afghanistan after training for a year, then on to Egypt where I was in Cairo for the second Revolution.

I did Military Funeral Honors for a year, then taught as an instructor to teach the new Soldiers how to do their job for 3 years.

Fill in the space not listed as time spent behind a desk loving life enjoying the Army.

In 2017 after 9 years in I got a bit jaded.  The Army changed from a force of action to a force of (who can Impress the General by mowing grass the best). 

I decided I had done my term and I’d take a shot on the outside.

Boy was that a mistake...I bounced from Atlanta to Boston to Charlotte.  Back to Atlanta and now I’m in Wichita KS.

Having the specialty in the Army that I had is not very relatable in the civilian world.  

The point of this post isn’t asking for sympathy.  It’s encouragement!  

I had undiagnosed issues both physically and mentally from my time in Afghanistan and Egypt.

Having people try to kill you on a daily basis for over 2 years apparently isn’t good for you lol.

I was lost and didn’t have a dime to my name.

Now I’ve been going to the VA for some time now but as soon as I told them I had been sleeping in my car (I was trying to keep that a secret because of stupid pride and shit).  My social worker literally stopped what she was doing, got on the phone and got me a place to stay for 2 months free while I built up some cash at my job so I was stable.

I cried right in front of her.  Like pretty bad lol I was so happy.

It’s been 3 weeks since then.  I’m still kicking ass at my new job (Offered a managers position out east).

And the Salvation Army gave me EVERYTHING I need for a new apt.  You name it.  Bed, couch, TV, silverware, pots and pans, etc.

I’m on my feet again boys and girls and it’s because I had good services and good people in my corner.

I know this is casual conversation but I’m just so excited.  If anyone has any questions about the process I had to go through or if you know a Veteran that’s struggling let’s talk.

Or we can talk Baseball that’s ok too.

EDIT:  I love all of you.  You’re amazing.  I’m trying to respond to everyone but im getting an error on mobile.

Every single person will get a reply.  Just remember...

Life is always good.  Even when it hits you in the face it’s still good.  We always bounce back if we have the right mindset.
.
I met someone on reddit!
If she wants to identify herself in the comments, she can. I posted in r4r to make a friend but i get nervous about meeting strangers.

As an adult, and autistic, its been hard for me to make friends or find people to talk to. We kind of waxed poetic on that. We also found out we live very close to eachother. She works next door to the building im working in. Weve spoken for a week or so on discord and then i finally stopped where she works after work. 

It was really nervewracking and i was worried id look weird but i smiled at her when i walked in
 She smiled back but she gets paid to do that.

She works in the service industry so i went and made my related request and she looked like she recognized me. It felt like we dodged it for a min and then she said, "im sorry you look familiar!" 

i said, "i am familiar!"

It was such a neat little meeting and she was really good at her job!

Edit: a few people seem to think im a man! I am a woman engaged to a man and the encounter i had with the redditor was super platonic!
.
In a almost totally empty movie theater, a guy sat right next to me, and asked me if I could move over to someplace else for a friend. And I couldn't muster the courage to answer with a simple 'No'.
Only 2 other seats were occupied in the entire theater, and the guy sat right next to me(since I had booked the middle ones) and said he wanted to sit in the middle and asked me to move. I felt so powerless that I quietly disappeared into the shadows. The worse part was, both the seats were actually mine(I had booked 2 seats due to a promo offer, however I was watching alone) and I still couldn't sit where I wanted to. 

It's just the worst and a very emasculating feeling.
I don't know why I complied. Or why I even should. The guy wasn't talking rudely to me or ordering me like a bully(I am actually quite fit, not ripped, broad shoulders, good height, avg width) but I suddenly got too chicken to say a simple 'No'. Has anyone been in a similar situation? Why so you think so? 

*Edited

*Edit- Thanks to everyone who replied! I can't reply to everyone, but I'm trying to read all comments I can between my short study breaks.
.
I was with a friend when he passed away on Tuesday. Last night I left his memorial service and found his first and last names on Coke bottles next to each other at the store. Let's talk about weird coincidences.
You know how Coke puts names on bottles these days? I don't know what the statistical chances of this were but I imagine they had to have been quite low. I'm not superstitious and yet I admit it gave me chills. I took pictures of them at the store and then purchased them just because... I don't know, it seemed like I should.

Would you like to share your strange coincidences?
.
Anyone else have long conversations with people in their head?
I imagine myself having long, drawn out conversations with people I know. This usually goes on for hours at a time. I'll talk to them and they'll say something, and it just goes back and forth. The thing is, though, that whenever I come back and I try to continue the conversation, I can't. It's like waking up from a dream and trying to go back to sleep to finish it. So I sometimes subconsciously start a new conversation with a new person, and just talk with them.

I usually talk about my life and they'll tell me theirs and I'll imagine myself giving tea and what not. I talk about music and stuff like that. It happens a lot. Anyone have any similar experiences? Thoughts on this?
.
I just got a job in the funniest way
I'm still attending university and am pursuing my Bachelor's in finance. Last August, because of a very lucky turn of events, I was given a finance and accounting internship at a company. I gained a lot of experience mostly in AP and AR, I used and got comfortable with software that is the industry standard, I did chargebacks, I even picked up client care and sales experience. This August I was let go from the company along with the rest of my fellow interns. 


I looked for a job immediately. The issue was most companies wanted someone who already had a degree. For three weeks I heard nothing. I needed my resume to stand out somehow. I had good experience but the lack of a degree was hurting me. "Let's be funny," I thought. So on the very last line of my resume, I added "Can skillfully perform a wide array of different animal noises." Friends and family tried to advise me against it but I listened to my gut. 

I got a call. At the end my my interview my interviewer says, "So what about these animal noises?" I told her I do a great monkey, cat, dog, and various birds. She asked if I could do a duck because one of her coworkers did a duck really well. Anyway, she said my noises were the only reason she called me in. As we spoke though, she started to realize that I actually knew what I was doing and talking about and ended up feeling really good about me. A few days later I got a call. I'm now a junior accountant at a larger company and I'm crazy excited. 

Thanks for reading guys! 

EDIT: People want to hear noises... Tonight I'll give them to you! 

DOUBLE EDIT: Thanks so much to all of you who are congratulating me and wishing me luck it honestly means so much to me! 

TRIPLE EDIT, OP DELIVERS: http://vocaroo.com/i/s0TTvjFE5nAa
.
Is it me, or is a lot of reddit just not nice or jerks?
I'm not talking about around this subreddit, just around a lot of the communities. It's horrible

Edit: Oh boy, i never thought i'd receive an outpouring of comments! Thanks to everyone for your suggestions, I will definitely put them to use! (2) r/CasualConversation, i really cannot thank you all enough 👌
.
So who else feels compelled to go outside on nice days but has literally nothing to do?
I've just been cuddling my cat all day so not too bad to be honest.

I was meant to go flying this morning, beautiful weather but strong winds so that got cancelled.

I've been looking out at the sunshine all day feeling like it's my duty to go do something but I live in heck-flip-nowhere and there's nothing to do. I didn't wanna go on a bike ride without a purpose, either.
.
I'm having a shitty Christmas and I want just want to wish a merry christmas to everyone who's going through the same!
Merry Christmas first of all!

Remember better times are coming and if you think life can't get any worse remember that that also means it can only get better!

You're not alone I'm with you!

Edit: I fucked up the title.
.
My phone corrected duck to fuck and I feel like the king of technology
I'm a salty fella that enjoys using his sentence enhancers. And, as many of you know, most cell phones auto correct the word fuck to duck. Well, today the reverse happened and my phone finally realized that I don't have any grapes and said no more to the duck. :)
.
Found out last night my wife has been cheating since we started dating
We were playing Monopoly with some friends and she was stealing from the bank the whole game. I called her out on it and she ended up telling me she has been doing it since we started dating 7 years ago. It wasn't exclusive to Monopoly either: Cards against humanity, Connect Four, Taboo, even video games... Her moto is if she isn't cheating then she isn't trying.

I don't know how she lives with herself. 
.
Today I saw a kid in the hallway take out a full box of cereal from his locker
And he just leaned against his locker, stuck his hand in and started eating it. In the hallway, just casually fitting handfuls of cereal in his mouth 

Idk why you did what you did but stay hungry cereal guy. Stay hungry 

Edit: This had like six upvotes when I went to sleep but then I woke up with 900 what is going on 
.
I'm seeing a movie by myself for the first time in my life. I'm already loving it!
I have really bad social anxiety and it stops me from doing things solo a lot. This past week has been really awful for me so I finally said, "Screw it, I'm doing something for me today."  I am seeing Ready Player One and am the only one in the movie theater. This may become my new thing. :)

Edit: Oh my gosh this blew up unexpectedly! Ready Player One was absolutely awesome and such a nostalgia trip! Eileen said that aside from Deadpool and Star Wars, this has been one of her favorite movies as of late. I want to be like her when I grow up.

Thank you for your kind words and encouragement everyone! It was awesome doing a solo movie experience and I am searching for my next adventure!

Second edit: Okay so my scatterbrained self forgot to say to the newcomers to the thread that Eileen is mentioned in the first response to the first comment. She is a wonderful sweet woman who saw RP1 when her husband wouldn't see it with her. She and I sat close to each other and it really helped me come out of my shell more and not be so anxious about being alone. We need more Eileens on the world.
.
I love it when I’m watching a show or movie and it takes place somewhere I’ve lived or been and I can recognize landmarks and things
Just started Mindhunter and I’m on episode two and it takes place in Santa Cruz! A bar that they meet at is called the Jury Room and it’s been down the street from the courthouse as long as I can remember and the show got the sign right and everything. I’m alone so i could only explain it to my dog and cat but it’s just a cool feeling to recognize those things! 

Has anyone else from a smallish town had it featured in a show and got really excited?! 
.
Did you ever notice that "butt/booty" and "dial/call" are synonyms, until they are grouped together?
For instance, if I butt dial someone, he'd probably hear what the inside of my pocket sounds like. 

But I would never say that one of those mysterious inner-pocket calls was a booty call. 

These things interest me on Tuesday mornings. 

I say, for now on, when you regrettably/drunkenly text that girl/guy at 2:00 A.M....You can tell your friends it was simply a butt dial! 
.
feeling a little lonely
hi! i’ve had a bit of a tough week but i’ve started going though this sub more and found so much comfort in this little place you guys have. i really hope anyone reading this has a good day/night, you all deserve it :)
.
Saw a dude being awesome this morning and it made my day.
I was on the way to work this morning at 6:45ish  and as it was Friday and I’ve been working on an especially difficult and time-sensitive project, I’ll admit I was a little salty. Especially since I slept poorly and woke up too late to make coffee.

So as I’m sitting at a red light, I see this dude on foot walking on the path next to the road, and he’s in a fast food restaurant uniform carrying a nondescript plastic shopping bag with a tupperware in it. As I’m watching I realize he’s got his earbuds in and he’s singing along. Suddenly he stops and starts wheeling his arms around and rips into a face-melting air guitar solo! I laughed like an idiot, and he saw me and gave me a thumbs up, and I gave him the devil horns gesture and he looked so pleased.

That’s when I thought to myself; this dude is working an early-morning shift at a fast food gig and carrying his leftovers to work because he’s either too broke to afford to eat at his own restaurant, or he’s making healthier choices. And he’s stoked. If this guy can make the best of his situation and have a positive attitude, what right do I have to be salty about my situation?

I adjusted my attitude and ended up having a pretty great day.

Wherever you are fast food air guitarist, keep being awesome. You inspire me; and the world is a little bit richer for having you in it.
.
I’m in a restaurant with my family and everyone is on their phone so I figured I’d pull mine out as well.


I’m in a Indian restaurant in Vancouver writing this. The food still didn’t come I’m hoping it turns out good, i read a lot of reviews. 

I wasn’t intending on writing something on reddit is sort of just happened as I am thinking about how weak my karma is.

Tell me about your day and give me some karma please, have a nice day !
 
.
My country just promised to end its war that's been going on for roughly 60 years.
My friend just texted me saying that the war is over. I didn't believe him at first, but apparently, it's true. Of course, it's not like South and North Korea are going to unify anytime soon and declaration made today definitely could go awry. But it's a step towards progress nonetheless.
.
Ever woke up from a great dream depressed ?
So, I dreamt about falling in love, something that I accepted the fact that it won't happen anytime sooner, I just couldn't get myself to exit my bed

Shit got me fucked up for the entirety of my day


Edit: thanks everyone, this is the first post to exceed 100 upvotes, thanks everybody

.
Stefan is cancer free and i'm happy.
What made you happy today?
.
I love autumn so fucking much
I just love how dark and rainy it gets! It just makes me feel so good inside
.
I have zero memory of anything I was never interested in.
Things I'm supposed to know, I never can because it was never intriguing to me in the first place. I just dont get how people who work in offices, or corporate settings are able to store tons of mind-numbing information in their heads and present or talk about them at a moments notice. For me, that information has to interest me first for me to ever remember it. 

This thought came up because I just got a job working at a contract research organization. As I'm going through the training seminars, powerpoints, and reference documents, I realize I'll never be able to recall or remember any of this shit because of how dry and boring this shit is to me. I then had a harsh realization that I remember little to nothing of anything I learned from my courses at college, and start to wonder how I even graduated. 

Anyone else ever feel this way? I'm assuming no, with enough information repetition and training, anybody can recall any memory. But I just cant.
.
I just checked off one of my minor long-term goals in life that I had more or less given up on.
For the last 10 or 15 years I had always wanted to see someone using a monocle in real life.   
I don't remember where this desire originally came from but I would have been in high school at the time.    
It couldn't be a part of a costume, or someone 'ironically' using one to be trendy; it had to be an old man or woman going about their daily life with a genuine use of a monocle.    

Usually I don't do my grocery shopping until late in the evening. I'm not particularly fond of crowded places and there's far fewer people doing a shop at 8 or 9pm.   
I have a lot to get done this evening, so I had to get it out of the way earlier in the day. I figured 2:30 in the afternoon would be perfect; well after lunchtime and just before the supermarket goes apeshit with screaming kids having just been picked up from school. 

I zipped around and grabbed everything on my list and made my way to the checkout where I sidled up behind a sweet old guy pushing 90 years old and started unloading my basket... 

And then it happened. 

The cashier printed the guy's receipt and handed it to him.  
It fluttered in his unsteady hands as he squinted at it for a few moments and then reached into his fleece jacket and pulled out what I thought was just a magnifying glass. 

He lodged it in his brow and started going over his receipt.   

It didn't even register with me at first but then I double-taked when I realised what was going on.   
Such a beautiful moment that I'd been on the lookout for for over a decade. 

I could get hit by a bus tomorrow and I'd be completely fine with it.  

.
Anyone else hate their birthdays because it only makes you realize how lonely you are?
I don't have anyone around me to celebrate my b'day with. I plan to go to a nice restaurant for dinner (to treat myself), but on my own. I don't think it's sad. I find it perfectly fine. But this whole day kinda sucks, because it just makes me realize that I don't have any close friends to enjoy this special day with

EDIT: Thank you reddit...seriously from the bottom of my heart, thank you. 
This whole experience taught me that I am responsible for my own happiness, and I should never rely or depend on others for it.I need to value myself, to love myself, and to care for myself more than ANYONE else, and need to first think about myself before someone else. I deserve to be valued, and no one can make me feel that I am anything less.  
I went to the dinner all by myself, and it was refreshing (and delicious, of course). I felt much better after it. Thank you all for your warm wishes. It wasn't the best of my birthdays, but one that I will always remember because it taught something so valuable that I will never forget and tend to carry for the rest of my life :)
.
I doubt it matters, but I'm actually proud of myself for resisting the urge to order junk food lastnight
I seriously had some *major* cravings lastnight, from Chinese food to eventually landing on pizza. I was in my room, already in the process of ordering pizza on my phone... and then just decided not to.

It was a really weird feeling, to be honest. I didn't decide "Actually it doesn't sound *that* good after all". I was *intensely* craving it, to the point I felt like I could actually picture how it *tastes* in my mind. And I remember thinking "Well, if you can remember how it *tastes*, that's probably a super bad sign and I've clearly not gone long enough since eating it".

So, I couldn't find anything at home I felt like eating, so I literally just forced myself to go to bed, to avoid eating out.

It's a small, stupid thing, but I'm honestly kind of proud of myself. I've never been able to resist food cravings like that, so waking up this morning, I felt like I already had a minor "win" under my belt, which is kind of a nice feeling.

Now, I just need to keep this up for the rest of the year, and maybe I'll be at a weight I'm happy with...
.
Today's my 13th birthday and I have nobody to celebrate it with
Todays my 13th bday, and my mom has work the entire day, she isnt able to get a vacation day, I have no brothers or sisters so I cant do anything with them.
(btw I was born 3:30 PM, march 23 2004)

edit: Thanks for all the bday wishes!

edit^2: this post made it to the 2nd page on all of reddit my life is complete

Edit^3: Whoever gave me the gold thank you so much <3

Edit^4: Whoever reported me for "being underaged" or "trolling" needs to ALT+F4. The minimum age for reddit is *13*.

edit^5: Thanks for making this one of my best bdays ever reddit :D 

edit^6: Thanks /u/sloppyFarts for the gold <3
.
I went on a second date last night. Our first date was 15 years ago.
We went to the same high school freshman year, then different schools for the other 3 years.  Sophomore year she asked me to her Homecoming dance and we went and had a good time but nothing ever came of it.  Recently we connected on a dating app, and went out for our "second date" last night.  It was pretty great.
.
I just found out the subreddit /r/chicken came before the subreddit /r/egg.
/r/chicken = 5 years
/r/egg = 4 years

Isn't that delightful? 

What delightful facts/observations about life/yourself/whatsgoingon can you share with me? 


.
I'm seriously laughing my butt off right now
I got a text message on Wednesday from some guy who says he found my resume (didn't say where) and they wanted to interview me for an administrative assistant position (which is what I'm currently looking for). So, I say, sure, no problem, I "sign up" for an interview slot for Friday at 2 p.m., but receive no response. Whatever, says I, I move on with my day. Another guy that I've added to my contacts on Google Hangouts (which is where the interview was taking place) messages me at 7:00 a.m. on Saturday. I wake up to see that I've missed his message. Then there is a text message that I see that was sent at 7:30 from the first guy telling me to reschedule. 

&#x200B;

Fine, I reschedule for Noon. By 12:45 p.m., I move on with my day. I'm at an estate sale, scored a nice bike for my boyfriend for Christmas (for $20!), when I get a Hangouts message. "Oh, sorry for the delay" blah blah blah. Fine, make him wait 10 minutes while I finish my transaction, and head to my car to "interview". Finish that, he says they'll be back to me by the end of the day. Great. 

&#x200B;

I get a letter for an offer of employment. Great pay, good bennies, work from home until they complete their move into the Tucson area, sounds great. I sign and email back. But, I've got all kinds of little warning flags flying around. I decide to wait this out. This morning, the payout came. The "accountant" needs me to set up an Apple account so that I can get the things I need to set up my home office until we can get into the office property. I say, okay, but I don't have one. No worries, they'll set it up, but I need to go get an iTunes card for $100.

&#x200B;

I fell out of my chair laughing. No way. Not happening. I said, no, sorry, I don't have $100. He counters, do you have $50? I wish I had sent him a Loch Ness Monster meme about $3.50, but that came to mind later. I said, no, sorry, I don't. Thanks for the opportunity, but I think I'll pass.

&#x200B;

How's your Monday going?

&#x200B;

&#x200B;
.
I just donated to wikipedia for the first time ever.
I've had to stare at that donation banner off and on for like 10 years. I remember when you had to buy encyclopedia's for $100s of dollars that contained <1% of the information on that site. I have no excuses this time. I have a good job, plenty of disposable money that I'm just going to use on beer, and I'm on that site every day. Facebook, Google, and Reddit have made tons of money off of me for years and Wiki has never made a dime despite what it's given me. It was time.
.
I just realised that I adjust my accent depending on who I'm speaking to
I've found that if I'm talking to an older lady then I'll slightly turn up the posh, if I'm talking to a bit of a laddish or younger man then I slightly turn up the acquaintance vs stranger (I work in retail so more "hows it going buddy?" as opposed to "everything okay sir?"). I have found myself mimicking someone's accent a few times (fortunately not while at work)

I'm from Cambridge in England. I would say it's not quite the stereotypical English accent you often hear people impersonating in movies, but definitely close to that.  

I'm wondering if you consider yourself to have an accent? I don't think I do but that's probably because I'm surrounded by this accent every day.
.
I hate when people say they're "a little OCD".
I know a lot of people will be like "it's just words, who cares" but as someone who's suffered from severe OCD for 20 years, 2/3 of my life, it really kind of bothers me. 

I feel like there's more misconceptions about OCD than most other mental illnesses.  People think it's a quirk or a personality trait.  People think being a bit anal retentive about something is being "a little OCD", or that liking things neat or being able to match things is OCD.

The reality is much worse.  It's intrusive thoughts that will not get out of your head plaguing you all day every day.  It's doing absolutely crazy stuff that makes no sense to try to feel safe and make the thoughts go away.

I do absolutely absurd stuff in my daily life.  Most my compulsions revolve around body movements so I'm constantly tapping my fingers, rolling my eyes, bending my knees, spreading my toes, all sorts of wacky things and I can't stop.  I get so nervous in public because I worry I look like a lunatic and that people are staring at me.  Then I obsess over that.  I get intrusive thoughts about my family dying, nuclear war coming, my boyfriend leaving me, and they won't ever get out of my head.  That's just the tip of the iceberg.

I wish people understood it more and were more open to being educated on it.  Someone in a subreddit I frequent mentioned someone being "a little OCD" and when I said "hey, as someone with OCD that's not right at all" I got downvoted.  I guess it's hard for most people to understand and relate to so they don't care.

What do you guys think?
.
I got my prosthetics today!!
I'm so excited!! I got in an accident a while ago and had to wait to get my right leg prosthetic due to it healing up funny but TODAY I GOT LEGS!!! 

I tried walking between parallel bars and it went amazingly – my doctor said I'm walking on my first try the way a lot of people do after 8 or so weeks. I feel like I'm going to be getting back to a normal life way faster than I thought.

It feels amazing to be able to get up and scoot around the house with a walker, get in the car with both feet, wear shoes again (I'm a total shoe whore). This is honestly one of the best days of my life. I just had to share with someone – I can't stop grinning. :) 
.
I passed my driving test :)
I'm so happy right now. I was so nervous and had been for a week straight. She told me that everything else was fine but I did go over the speed limit once.

Tell me about your experiences if you've been to one before. How did it go and how did you feel?
.
It makes me happy when, even in the most aggressive Reddit debates, neither person downvotes the other
I just got in (and am still in) a very heated debate that's gotten a bit personal, but it makes me happy the fact that neither of us are downvoting each other, just calling each other idiots in more elaborate ways.
.
There's something magical about airports at night.
It's the excitement. Being there at 1-4 a.m. is special. You feel energetic even if you haven't slept. It's so quiet there yet there are people there. After leaving your luggage you just wait there for the gate to open. Just chill, maybe buy a drink/something to eat and watch people/planes pass by. Pure magic I say.
.
I caught someone checking me out and it felt really good.
I'm a heavier set male college student whose been working on his weight since the beginning of the year. Now I'm on vacation and have been eating a ton and not exercising much and have felt bad about it. Today, though, I went out to get a coffee at a local restaurant and a girl sitting a table looked over at me. Over the course of waiting for my coffee I caught her staring at me multiple times. For a less attractive guy this little interaction made me feel really good, as menial as it may be.
.
Im at home waiting for a robber
So my girlfriend is on night shift and there was a break in that stole her keys and documents with our home address. It's 2:37 am in Melbourne and I'm sitting in the hallway with a bat waiting for someone to rock up. I'm just here to stay awake until morning. 

EDIT:

So my partner is home, and she's off shift and the locksmith has come and gone. I'm going to try and get some sleep. Thank you all for keeping me company!

EDIT 2:

Its now 8am, we're still alive and didn't hear anything. What we reckon happened is that my gf and her work partner got back to their branch while the place was being robbed and scared them off, so they only got her keys. We also reckon that the robbers were some actual scrotes because they left big handprints and didn't bother picking up any actual money leaving around or taking the cat. Likely, they couldn't be bothered making the walking to the house. I'm still in bed but I'm gonna check my setup but I doubt I'm going to find anything. 

EDIT 3:

Alright, the whole thing has been resolved, so I can give you the whole story. I was being intentionally vague for security. My GF is a paramedic and was working night shift when there was a break in at her branch. They arrived when the perp was still there so they called the local police who stormed and cleared the building. When she realized that the keys and documents were missing, a unit was sent to the house and she called me to let me know. Her car (not cat) was fine and not stolen, but was towed and the ambulance insurance is handling that. The police (bless their hearts) called around for a locksmith while my gf organized insurance and a statement. I was meanwhile setting up noisemakers and wedging shut doors to prevent entry. She came home early and the locksmith had everything replaced by 4am. We got some sleep and this morning, the crime lab looked at the crime scene and car, and there were some good boot impressions and finger prints. Theres a halfway house nearby and so the police got an ID, served an arrest warrant and found the guy (just the one) with a bunch of stolen stuff from the branch. No keys unfortunately. Huge shout-out to all you for keeping me company for the couple of hours I was sitting in my hall alone, and to the Police for getting the fucker so quickly. It's a shame we didn't get the keys for the peace of mind, but everything would have to be rekeyed anyway, so it's six of one half dozen of the other. 


.
Prank phone call reunites a long estranged family!
This happened around 25 years ago in the early 90's when I was in my mid-twenties; so we are talking largely pre caller ID, pre internet, pre cell phone, etc.

I was living and working in a small city in northern California’s central valley in a retail furniture store selling mostly bedroom furniture, mattresses, waterbeds (yes! Still into the 1990’s!), etc.  We were a medium sized store with a staff of around 5-6 salesmen and a warehouse worker.  Anyone who has sold retail furniture will tell you that you will have large periods of downtime when literally no one comes through your front door, not even to wander the isles and waste your time, just nothing.  As a result of this time can really drag and you will often look for ways to entertain and amuse yourself and your coworkers.  Our store had a multiline phone system and we used to play what we called connections.  Connections would consist of scanning through the white or yellow pages and choosing two victims based on a shared similar trait; for the white pages it would usually be an uncommon last name (expecting that they might be related); for the yellow pages it would be connecting two business that are part of the same franchise or work in the same industry.  On this particular day, we chose an uncommon last name from the white pages, that last name was (for the purposes of our story) Harkness.  The first names we chose were Elmer and Jakob.  With names like that, how could we not?  So, I am sure you know where this is going, it’s a very simple premise;  call Elmer on line one, quickly put him on hold before it rings, go to line two, call Jakob and conference the two calls together and wait for hilarity to ensue!  
Line one picked up first, it was Elmer.  He said “Hello?” in a very raspy old smoker’s voice.  The other line was answered in perfect timing, and answered not by Jakob, no, but by his son, Joey who was no more than 6 years old.  When these calls start, there is often confusion, sometimes anger, sometimes humor.  In this instance neither party ever realized that neither placed the call, and confusion quickly turned into something else.  They exchanged a few words and Elmer asked Joey if his Dad’s name was Jakob; Yes Joey said.  I will never forget how Elmer responded “Joey, I am your grandpa.  Your dad and I don’t really get along so I have never had the chance to meet you” Grandpa Elmer? Joey replied….
They began speaking sharing stories and within five minutes Elmer had his wife on the phone, Joey had his Dad on the phone, and all involved were bawling, haven broken a silence that we came to learned had been in place for more than 10 years.  The conversation carried on for more than 35 minutes, we sat in silence just listening as this huge family rift was healed through the random act of a silly prank phone call.  I often wonder if they ever got around to who-called-who?  I like to think they did, and when it became clear that neither party placed the call, I like to think they are in awe and wonder of the universe, not some bored waterbed salesmen!

.
Someone just told me that I have a voice that is very pleasant to listen to, and it's made my day!
I'm a 17 year old male with a higher than average voice which I'm sometimes secretly quite self-conscious about.

However, today a very nice girl told me that I had a voice that was very nice and soothing to listen to, and it has really boosted my mood, made me think much higher of said girl, and helped me get over that tiny insecurity entirely. 

I guess what I'm trying to say here is that you should go out of your way to compliment people, even if it may seem awkward, because it may actually make that person's day, as well as make them like you. Have a wonderful day everyone!
.
I asked out a girl I like at work
Turns out she's a lesbian.

Such is life.
.
Holy shit you guys, I just graduated college !!!
!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Honestly I feel like I'm dreaming!!!! 5 years of so much ups and downs and I just !!!!!!!!!!!!! I fucking did it!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

I can't wait to start having nightmares about missing finals and midterms only to wake up and realize it was just a dream, like this past year that's what I've been looking forwards to the most !!!

oof....I don't know if this quite belongs here, but this sub is like the happiest place I know on Reddit....

Edit: !!!!!!! This got way more attention than I expected!!!! Thank you guys !!!

Edit^(2): Okay I went to sleep last night thinking it died down, so I will try and respond to all the new comments!!!
.
I'm pretty sure sarcasm isn't a unique personality trait
"I'm fluent in sarcasm" or "sarcasm is the body's natural defense against stupid" or "thought my child wasn't related to me until she said something sarcastic!"

I don't think I've ever met someone who wasn't sarcastic. It's basically a natural progression in basic human language skills. It's even worse when someone says that sarcasm means you're of higher intellect. No, it demonstrates that you don't have an IQ of 40 and can detect nuance in somebody's tone of voice. Lately people are trying to pass off totally normal human traits as special and I'm pretty much over it.
.
Karma makes me kinda happy, I don’t know ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
I’ve never before experienced the satisfaction of receiving likes or reposts or snaps(?).

Karma may be lame and unimportant to most, but it’s the only currency I’ve got and I fucking love it. 

& I’ve expressed this before but I especially love this community, you people are wonderful. 

Im experiencing a relative high today and hope you all are too. 



.
Does anyone else think Facebook is getting more and more boring?
It just seems like nobody is really participating anymore.  Nobody seems to like posts.  Before I would post something and it would get at least 30 likes, now it barely gets 10.  Or I might tag someone and it’ll get a “like” where before an entire conversation would occur.

I remember when it would be just original content from my friends, now nobody seems to post anything at all.  I realize we’re all getting older (I’m in my mid 30s now), but damn.  

Maybe it’s just my friends on there?  I don’t know.  To be honest I’m probably going to abandon Facebook unless something changes.  Why am I using this if nobody interacts?
.
I just got my driver‘s license!
And I’m so happy about it because it takes soo long to get them in Germany.

Anyways! What is something you’re glad to have accomplished recently? Let me know 😊
.
I wish there was an app as popular as Tinder that was just for making friends...
I've found that the only downside for me being in a relationship is that I miss how much fun it can be to talk to tons of people on Tinder. I want to be able to have those get to know each other conversations that are strictly platonic, you know? 
.
Do you ever have a really good realistic dream and wake up and think "wow my life sucks"?
Just had an amazing dream in which I fell in love with this amazing girl, and in this dream I just felt so happy and content. Eventually I woke up (obviously), but this wave of disappointment just passed over me very hard when I did. Sometimes I feel so dissatisfied with my current situation when compared with that kind of contrast. Does this kind of thing happen to you guys? 


EDIT: Thanks for all of your stories! It's really comforting to know I'm not alone in this chaotic world, and now I'm really interested in dream science and the effect our psyches have in our dreams. 
.
I’m really proud of how well I’m doing in college
Alright, I really don’t like bragging but I can’t help but feel really proud of myself lately for how well i’ve been doing in school, and I can’t talk to my friends about this bc they’re struggling in college with their grades so if i told them I was proud of mine, that would definitely be a dick move so I’m just gonna say it here:

I wasn’t a great student in high school. I was lazy and unmotivated and had like a 2.5 GPA. I thought I would never go anywhere in life and I was never thought of as “smart.” Well now I’m in college and for the first time since like middle school, I have a 4.0. I finally decided to get my shit together and actually try my best. Last week in my trig class, we had our second test of the semester and I got 100%. Not because the test was easy, I actually struggled a lot with that chapter and was very lost and confused but I worked my ass off and studied for weeks leading up to the test and managed to actually get 100%. The week before, I got 100% on my philosophy test, and then before that a 100% on my geography test (my teacher told me I got the highest grade in the class). It feels so awesome to see your hard work pay off. It’s a very liberating feeling when you finally realize that you are in charge of your own success and education and that if you put in the hard work, you will see great results. I’m not lazy anymore like I used to be in high school and I don’t procrastinate anymore, I’ve really transformed my work ethic and study habits and it feels fucking awesome. That is all, thank you strangers for reading this :) 

Edit: Thank you all so much for your kind and supportive comments! Just know that I can’t reply to all of these but I’m definitely reading every single comment and I really appreciate them. You all are so lovely :) 
.
Got called an old man today. Im 23.
A child walked up to me today and started a conversation.

KID: You are an old man
ME: Am I? I didn't think I was, I dont even have grey hair yet.
KID: When you get old in a bit, will you have grey hair.
ME: Probably
KID: My grandad shaved all his hair off! Hahahaha.
ME: Some peoples hair just falls off when they get older.
KID: Yeah. And they have a beard.
ME: Do you think I should grow a beard.
KID: No. You are going to get old.
ME: Hopefully.
KID: And get grey hair!
ME: I hope not!
KID: And then you will die. You will get grey hair, then die. 
*KID runs off and plays* 

I thought it was funny. Also I feel old.
.
I took myself on a date for my birthday
Without giving you all the blah blah of my life, I was feeling pretty down about celebrating my birthday alone this year. I'm living a 13h flight away from most of my friends and family. I had dinner plans tonight with one of my only friends here but he cancelled yesterday because he's jetlagged. I didn't have the heart to tell him it's my birthday. Most people at work didn't know and I got invited to another colleague's birthday cake surprise which was also today and someone must have let people know about mine because they scrambled a card together and awkwardly yelled "surprise" at me when I walked in. 
  
Tbh, I felt like crying all day. I'm pretty lonely here if I'm truely honest. I just wanted to go home and hide under the covers.  
  
But on my way home I thought, "no!". I bought myself some pretty roses, bought a bottle of my favourite wine, lit some candles, ordered some tasty food and watched my all-time favourite movie. A date for one. I don't feel like crying anymore :)  
  
What are your ways for overcoming those tough, lonely days?  
  
EDIT: It's now past my bedtime in my part of the world. Thank you for all the kind messages. I won't forget the kindness that you internet strangers shared in a lonely moment for me. I'll go to sleep tonight knowing that there's plenty to look forward to my next year in this life.   
  
All the best to all you wonderful people!
.
Day 1 no smoking :/
Honestly already kinda losing my mind. I forgot how hard kicking this really is. All I want to do is go out and have my morning smoke.. but instead I'm posting to you guys!
.
A real life love story
Back in 8th grade (8 years ago) I had a crush on a boy. He started dating another girl in my class and I was absolutely heart broken...well, as heart broken as a 13-year-old can be.

She came from a strict family and when they found out about him, they forbade her from seeing him. She was too young and needed to focus on school, not boys.

I remember feeling a sick sort of happiness at the fact that they couldn't be together. Selfish, I know. But 13-year-olds aren't known for their emotional stability and selflessness.

Time went on, I outgrew my crush, became friends with the girl. The two of them remained friends through high school and even tried dating again when they were 17. Again, her parents found out and threatened to send her to boarding school if she didn't break up with him and focus on her studies.

She broke up with him again and they couldn't even stand to be in the same room as each other. We all graduated high school, moved on with our lives. We all parted ways and I lost touch with both of them.

One of them popped up on my "friends you may know" on Facebook and I decided to check it out. They just got married yesterday and I'm so incredibly happy for them. I know they've gone through so much to be where they are today and I'm so glad they can finally have that happiness together.
.
Today, a girl at the supermarket gave me an extra chicken drumstick
I went to the supermarket to get some fried chicken and chips. There weren't chips so the girl that was attending offered me a thigh instead.  So I was supposedly getting one thigh and two drumsticks, but then, she sneaked a third drumstick into the box. She didn't say anything, she just put in there and gave it to me. I said thank you, wished her a great night, and went home with a smile :)
.
After being subscribed to the photoshopbattles subreddit for over 6 months I finally figured out how it works.
At first I thought the posts of photos were photoshopped on r/photoshopbattles but today i realised people use that picture and photoshop it into something else then link their photoshop in the comments. Only took me 6 months and in all that time I never looked at the comments until today. 
.
I did not get any presents for Christmas, so my niece gifted me her favorite plushy.
It is a sort of tradition for our extended family to celebrate Christmas together, so every morning our uncles and aunts come to visit and we open up the presents then. After an hour of opening presents everyone got a present but me; I am not well liked in the family. I did not care much as I had come to expect such things.

As the kids were playing with their new toys and gadgets I sat by myself in the kitchen enjoying what was left of the breakfast feast. I was munching on some bacon when my 5 year old niece came running into the room. She was holding her new doll in her hand and laughing a storm. She sees me in the kitchen by myself and asks me what I got for Christmas. I casually answer that  did not receive much but that it was okay. Ever the curious little nugget, she asks if I am sad. I respond with the classic "no". She runs off without saying a word.

A minute had not passed before she comes running back with her favorite toy, a little white plush lamb, who she calls Benedict. She applies the breaks and walks towards me and simply hands Benedict to me. "For you! Merry Christmas!" She has had this little lamb since she was a few days old, she could not be separated from it for anything. I'll be sure to keep the little lamb close by for when the sentiment has run its course and she wants Benedict back lol
.
Do you ever go back to sleep again so you can keep watching a dream?
Had a good dream and no plans for the day, so why not?
.
After 12 and a half years...
Tomorrow morning at 8am I will wake up. I will get dressed and be on my way to the next most important day of my life.

12 and a half uears ago my Dad and Step-Mom got a divorce. She basically divorced me too. Its been 12 and a half years since Ive seen my brother and 2 sisters. They are 13, 15 and 18.

I have been kept away from them because I am my father's daughter. But I am not him. I am not accountable for his mistakes.

I have many hopes and fears for tomorrow. I am crashing a funeral to be able to see them. It may not be the time or place, but its my only chance in 12 years and I see no other choice but to take it. 

So here is me, at 25, asking for luck and support from Reddit for the first time as I go into one of the defining moments of my short life.

Have you ever needed the courage to do something like this? Have you ever been estranged from a family member? Do you miss them? If an older sister came into your life would you give them a chance.

Update: My aunts saw me before the ceremony  and invited me into the fold. I stayed with them until I saw the kids. I handed my oldest sister the picture of us as kids with my number on the back. I told her I was her sister and she said okay and walked away. My step-mom hugged me and said hi. She also tried to hand the picture back to me. She acted happy, but it didnt seem real. I hugged my Aunt and walked out in tears. I couldn't hold them back and decided it was best to walk out before the ceremony started. Thank you for all your well wishes but it seems like they have no interest in our relationship. I appreciate all of you. Goodbye for now.

UPDATE 2- My Aunts and Cousins on my Step-mom's side, those of them who still love me and were overjoyed to see me. They invited me to 4th of July at thuer house and while the kids wont be there. I am thankful to have reconnected with my family. 
.
I hate the new Reddit profile layouts
They are just plain terrible. It feels like it takes twice as long to browse a profile, and it's difficult to tell what are user comment replies and user submissions. Not to mention that they don't seem to mash up with RES so I have to click out to the front page to use account switcher or tag a user. Also, I have to zoom out in order to see the whole thing on my desktop, making the text annoyingly small. 

It. Fucking. Sucks.
.
I went 15 whole minutes without acting on any of my OCD compulsions today.
I have pretty severe OCD.  My main compulsions are counting (usually syllables), tapping, and having to move my body in certain ways - clenching my fists, rolling my eyes, sucking in my stomach, swallowing, bending a joint, etc.  All day every day I sit counting and tapping and moving my body in weird ways over and over and over.  It makes my body hurt and makes me really self conscious in public because it's probably quite noticeable.

I'm on a new medication that's supposed to help with my OCD.  It hasn't helped much yet, but I think it's made me more aware of my compulsions.  

A couple hours ago I was lying in bed cuddling with my cats and watching Game Grumps and told myself "Just stop.  Just for a minute.  Try to resist it."  I somehow managed to.  It made me anxious and uncomfortable but I did it.  I looked at the clock and bet myself I couldn't do it for five whole minutes.  I somehow did.  Five minutes became ten.  It was so difficult but I managed to resist flexing my muscles and squeezing my joints.  Finally after exactly fifteen minutes I couldn't take it anymore and had to start acting on my strong urges to do all these weird things.

I know it seems really bizarre and probably difficult to comprehend for a lot of people but I'm kind of proud of myself for it.  It's the first time I've been able to go more than a few minutes without acting on my compulsions since I was a child.  Maybe there's hope for me yet.

What have you guys done lately that you're proud of?

Edit - I'm running out of creative ways to say thank you so I just want everyone to know I really really appreciate all the positive comments.  I was a bit shy about posting this but the positive response has been overwhelming.  This is such a lovely community. 
.
Just ordered from McDonald's and I realised I might have sounded a bit like an ass because I requested no ketchup on my burger, then proceeded to ask for ketchup packets to go with my fries.
What's up y'all? Any funny incidents like that like make you go "right, I sounded like a douche"?

edit: I'm amazed at this sub. I had no idea a little idiosyncrasy would lead to so much talk! Love you guys! :D
.
I. Just. Kissed. My Girlfriend. Oh my god.
DISCLAIMER: I realize after typing this that I probably go into detail none of y'all would be interested to hear, but I'm just trying to put my whole storm of emotions into words right now. You'll be reading about the entire date. Sorry.
_____

Oh my god, it was awesome. So last night was our first date. We've always been slightly awkward around each other, and this was to be the night where we would just let it out.

I picked her up at her house and we hit the road. The Guardians of the Galaxy mix CD was put in. We bought some candy, snuck it into the theater (Oh no, a cop's probably gonna read this), and watched Interstellar. Lemme say this: In my opinion, it is literally the best movie ever made. I seriously cried four times. 

Anyways, we left the theater in absolute awe, and we drove down to the local diner to eat. It was the only place around that's open that late, and we like the food and have some good memories there, so it was fantastic as far as a place goes. The whole time we were eating we were talking, laughing, having a wonderful time. My heart was beating at about three thousand miles an hour.

We finished up and made the frigid walk to the car. I opened up the seat between us so that there was nothing blocking the way. The car was cold, we were cold, so we hugged. It started off as a "joke" hug, but then we just held on. We eventually broke up the hug and I started driving her back to her place. She held my hand as I was driving, and even though we were joking around the whole time we could feel the tension building with every song that ran through. 

Eventually we made it to her house. I put the car in park and looked over at her. She was looking at me. We unbuckled and held each other again. We stopped to gather her things from around the car. I shifted so I was facing her more. "Go All The Way" started playing on the CD. She was looking up at me with her freaking gorgeous eyes piercing through me. I put my arm around her, held her hand, and went for it. 

OH. MY. GOD. We were kissing. It was the most incredible thing I've experienced. Neither of us knew what we were doing, but none of our inexperience made it any less amazing. Of every moment from the date, this is the one I remember in the most exquisite detail. The blue light of the dash, her smell, the softness of her lips, the sound of the music. It was all there, it was all incredible.

We broke it off eventually, hugged it out, and she got out of the car and walked back to her house. I listened to "Spirit in the Sky" on the way back, walked into my house, said hi to my mom, and fell asleep after texting her goodnight. Would I have traded anything for that night? Not a chance.

_____

EDIT: Thanks for all the lovely words, everyone!

EDIT 2: Wow. I'm speechless. It's great to hear my little love-struck story here is making some sort of impact! Thank you so much!

EDIT Drei: HUH? Gold? What? How? Thanks!

EDIT 4: Oh dear lordy, it's hard to keep up with y'all!
.
My wife and I go for an ultrasound on Friday.
Almost halfway through our first trimester, and things are going well. I keep getting giddy every time we talk about it. I can’t wait to be a father!

Edit: The ultrasound will happen next week, not tomorrow. I will most definitely be back with that news then!
.
Are ring pops the worst candy in the world? Because I'm at work with one in my mouth and it sure feels like it.
The admin in our department has a candy dish which she keeps at her desk.  She usually has a rotation of different kinds of candy that she refills it with so we get a good variety.  This candy dish is much appreciated by the staff and gets raided constantly.

This week, however, the grab bag of candy she's been using to fill the dish somehow has some ring pops in it.  [Here's](https://www.candywarehouse.com/assets/item/large/ring-pop-on-hand.jpg) a picture if you're not familiar with it.  It's basically a giant Jolly Rancher on a "base" with a little loop so you can stick in on your finger.  I remember disliking this these as a kid and avoided them.  Apparently the rest of the staff feels the same way because no one else grabbed them either.

So they've been sitting in the candy dish for at least a week, taking up space that could better be used for other candy.  Our admin's refilled the dish several times, but the ring pops remain.  So it's clear to me they're just going to sit in there until someone eats them.  On the way back to my desk about 10 minutes ago, I decided to take one for the team and grab one.

They're even worse than I remember.  The flavor wasn't *awful*; something called "blue raspberry", but the platform is what makes them truly terrible.  Unlike a regular lollipop with a regular stick, you can suck on it with your lips since that's as far as the actual candy portion you can actually get into your mouth.  So not only does that make it take longer to consume, but in inhibits the enjoyment of what little flavor it possesses.  Worse, the base & ring parts look like a damn pacifier, and because you can only hold it in with your lips you've got to suck on it like you're nursing from a bottle in order to keep the juices from escaping your mouth.  It's terrible.

So here I am, a 38 year old man in a professional position sucking on a damn nuk like I'm an infant just trying to consume this damn stupid candy so it stops taking up space in the candy dish.

I hope everyone else in the department appreciates my sacrifice.


.
I start adult day school tomorrow to finally get my high school diploma, and I have first-day nerves
Edit: Thank you so much to everyone who responded to this, the response was overwhelmingly positive and genuinely made me feel a lot better about where I am in my life. You guys really gave me some perspective on my problems, and how, in the not-so-distant future, they're going to seem a lot less important than they do now. It'll take some hard work, but I'll get there. Thank you. 

I had a severe mental health crisis in senior year of high school 2 years ago, and was unable to complete my high school diploma because of it. I’ve spent the last few years just working, and improving on my mental and physical health, and I’m finally in a good enough place to go back to school. 

This has been something I’ve been extremely ashamed of for a very long time because I was always a very high achiever throughout school. I’m 20 years old and haven’t graduated high school. No one would have ever expected that of me, growing up. 

I’m happy that I’m finally on the road to graduating and going to university (one day), but the shame and embarrassment is still there...
.
overwhelmed by reddit being toxic
does anyone else get overwhelmed and beaten down by the toxicity on some subreddits? i used to really enjoy things like r/tinder when it was just weird, now most posts seem.to be contrived 'boy says something vile to girl, girl doesn't reply with eat my ass, therefore girl is an uptight bitch with no sense of humour'. also any post discussing guns in america just ends up with people shouting each other down, and downvotes for opposing views. 

tldr: bummed out by negativity on reddit, cheer me up?
.
I Got a Job!
It's not a fancy job, nor is it my first, but after leaving my dream job (firefighter) due to PTSD, depression, and anxiety, it feels like a huge step. It's a part time, management position with what is essentially a Chuckie Cheese for older kids. I am hoping that by working there for a while, my mind will work to reset itself and I can eventually get back to being a first responder.

I am posting, not just to celebrate the job but also to answer any questions and hopefully raise awareness about the effects of my diseases.
.
Tommorow will be my 14th day without soda
About 2 months ago I signed up for a gym membership and shortly after decided to stop drinking soda, it’s been somewhat difficult but I feel a lot better already
.
Guys guess what!!
I just had my first kiss!!
.
Is anyone else getting kind of sick of super hero movies?
Deadpool was sublime, the first iron man was also excellent, as well as a special few others. But to me if feels like we're in this never-ending sea of sequels. Eventually we're going to reach a point where we're watching Thor 17: spider man and barnacle boy go to outback steakhouse. I am just getting ready for the next phase of movies, what do you think of all these new releases
.
I did it.
Finally worked the courage to tell my roommate to lower the music for the first time. He did. Yay. A small victory for me. 
.
After five years, I quit my toxic restaurant job today.
I’ve been a server in a corporate chain restaurant for five years, and over time every last ounce of positivity has been sucked from my soul. I started being tired all the time, avoiding social events with friends, stopped working out, even started hating all my customers before I greeted them. I stuck around because I had a couple really good friends I worked with and they always helped to keep me thinking positively and even sometimes made work fun, but one left a few months ago and my other friends are as burnt out as I am. I don’t know why it took me this long, but today’s Fourth of July shift really pushed me over the edge. I sat down before work today and wrote your typical resignation letter. Upon turning it in, I felt as though a semi truck had been lifted from my shoulders. 

For the first time in a while, I’m looking forward to the future. I’m ready to go back to the happy go lucky person I was before the service industry. 

Happy Fourth of July everyone, I hope it was great.
.
Drunk me gave sober me a present!
I put on a pair of pants that I hadn't worn since New Years. When I put my phone in my pocket I could feel something else in there, so I pulled it out and found a cheeky $50 note in my pocket! I had a flashback and remember being drunk putting that $50 in my pocket and thinking 'sober me is going to be so happy next time he wears these pants'... I certainly was! 
.
I have an in person job interview today for a career opportunity in my field. After months of phone rejections, job applications, a messed up laptop, eating ramen, I finally get to see someone face to face for an interview.
Most career opportunities start off with a brief phone call to see if you're the right fit. I've done so many of those, that I always wondered if I was doing something wrong in my spheal. I never would get a call back. A week later, they would express their feelings that they decided to peruse other candidates at this current time. In fact, I've been so used to rejection that I went in the mindset that I would be rejected anyways. Eventually it became why even apply. 

I graduated last year and will make roughly two years I've been out of college. It's been a long, tedious process. I've been heartbroken, laptop gave way, wasted money, had to refuse extra hours at work to accommodate phone interviews, and then suffer by paying rent, but then eating ramen, and not to mention all the nights of forgoing celebrating with friends and family, in lieu of busting out one more job application, thinking hopefully this is the one, the lucky one that might grant me a call back.. 

I cannot tell you how much I'm in awe that someone could make the choice to see the potential in me. It's mellowing and mind blowing to say the least. The job search has been grueling and gruesome, to say the least.

I've thought of giving up, way too many times, way more then I can count, and this one means the world to me. Even if this isn't the career opportunity I have spent all this time looking for, just having the opportunity to view and see in person an actual company, an actual recruiter, I'm so touched and proud.

Wish me luck. I didn't know where else to post this, because I didn't want to jinx it, knock on wood, but this is it. 

If I don't get this, I just might work up the retail ladder. This is my last shot....
.
Something neat happened to me last night.
I was in my living room at around 11 PM, and I heard a rustling and clattering on the back porch. I peeked out the window and saw a raccoon playing with some cat toys we'd left out. So I went up to the sliding glass door and laid on my stomach, just looking out until the raccoon noticed me. He came up to the window, and looked at me. Our noses were like two inches apart (with the glass between us, of course) and he put his little paw up against the glass like he was saying hello. I'd never been so close to a completely wild animal before. It was kind of exciting, and he was really cute. We just looked at each other for a bit before he wandered off.

I thought this was neat, but I know it's not exactly the most *exciting* story. Still, I really wanted to share it with someone, so I hope you guys don't mind hearing about it :)
.
I love Wikipedia
It's not without problems, but I feel like we take for granted what is one of the wonders of the modern world.

You can casually read up on stuff, or do a real deep dive and check sources, find new ones and make edits.

I've been a total addict since 2005 and probably average out at several visits a day.

**EDIT:** Great to see so much love out there for it.

I'm sorry to see that it is blocked in Turkey. This is sad, and ridiuculous.

This comment has info on how to bypass it if you need to: https://www.reddit.com/r/CasualConversation/comments/8xb2i0/i_love_wikipedia/e22svxr/
.
Making friends as an adult is hard.
Just turned 28 and fuck me.... I honestly have only 3 friends I ever see... It's once a fortnight and only for dnd.

I don't actually have any friends I can call and be like "Hey, wanna hang out?".

I used to have friends like that but they all moved away and live at other ends of the country. I still see them from time to time once, maybe twice a year.

But day-to-day or week-to-week I just don't really have anyone and I feel so lonely all the time.

No one told me that having friends as an adult would be this hard or that not having them would hurt so much.  


Edit: Tinder. but for friends anyone?

Edit edit: let me know if your around Newcastle Australia.
.
Today marks six years on Reddit...
And I've never posted on my Cake Day before. I almost held that streak, but now I've made this post. Give me a ridiculous reason why that's good or bad!
.
Unexpected ice breaker.
Last week I was sat in a waiting room awaiting a mammogram and needle aspiration, I was sat amongst around 15 other ladies it was very tense and everyone seemed to be lost in their own private thoughts. We had all been given hospital  gowns with a strange pattern to wear and I personally was feeling anxious and quite vulnerable. As soon as one lady got called in another was brought in to wait with us. 

The next patient to come and wait was a young tiny girl, she looked no older than 16 she glanced  around at all of us sat there in matching gowns  and surprisingly come out with “oh wow fancy us lot all turning up wearing the same dress”  we all burst out laughing and I’ve never felt the tension drain from me so fast. Everyone from then on was smiling chatting and the whole waiting room mood lifted. I was so grateful to her. We all started wishing each other good luck as patients were led away.

I was lucky my problem turned out to be a cyst.
.
Cried today
Was out with my friends at the bar and I just really wasn’t feeling it, excused myself home and let out a good cry for no particular reason, felt great after. 
.
My dad just died this morning, can we please talk about random stuff?
I'm 17, got up for work this morning and found my dad dead. Paramedics said he had a heart attack sometime last night. It's been a long long morning and really just need to talk about random stuff right now to distract myself. Hope this isn't too dark for this sub and if it is I'm sorry. Hope you guys day is going better than mine, spend more time with your parents guys.
.
I got kissed last night, and I don't think I've ever felt this good in my life!
I've been seeing this girl for two weeks, and last night I went to her house for the first time and met her family and she drove me around her small town and told me about its history. She held my hand for the first time while we were driving. And then before I left to go home, we hugged for a while. I told her "You're something else, kid." She stepped back and kissed me. And then she kissed me again. And then we both just looked at each other, and this crazy thing happened. We both at the same time leaned in and kissed again and it was the most passionate experience I had ever had, even though it only lasted for a second or two.

I've been really depressed for the past two years and she has seriously brought joy back into my life, and I think I've done the same for her. Thanks for letting me share this with you guys!

How is everyone else?! :)
.
I liked how I looked when I left my apartment this morning.
I struggle with a lot of issues with self-esteem and self-confidence and I often don't feel good about my appearance.  
  
Well, today, for whatever reason, I looked in the mirror this morning and I just, well, felt good. I liked my outfit, I liked my hair, I just liked how I looked overall.  
  
What made you folks feel good this morning?
.
Is it just me, or does it seem like there's a wave of positivity hitting Reddit recently?
Browsing /r/all the past few days, I've noticed that there are a lot more positive posts than there used to be, and many of the highest rated are from subs like /r/Eyebleach. /r/Wholesomemes seems to be the flagship for this movement, growing in subscribers rapidly and hitting /r/all like a storm.

Yesterday /r/Crazyideas created a new sub, /r/CongratsLikeImFive. It started with silly kids stuff like "I ate my vegetables", but today it's filling up with more genuine and mature posts like "I dumped my abusive gf" and "I became financially independent". These posts are getting a lot of genuine responses. I think a lot of people really want real praise, and others really want to give praise. (Edit: this is a trending sub and already has over 4500 subscribers.) 

I think this positivity movement is great. I think everyone needed a breather after the trainwreck that was 2016, and especially after the bad feelings that the US election season brought. These positive posts are super cheesy, but I've found myself thinking more positively in real life.

What do you guys think of the influx of positive posts? What do you think is causing it? Will it last far into the next year?

Edit: many of you bring up a good point: the /r/all filtering feature and the new voting algorithm seem to have brought down the frequency of posts from the most controversial/highly political/negative Nancy subs.
.
iphone 10, $999. Entire Cracker Barrel menu, $887.81
The Cracker Barrel meme comparing the price of their entire menu to the iPhone 10 is greatest single act of guerrilla marketing I have ever witnessed.
.
I kept my New Year’s resolution - becoming a registered nurse!
Earlier this year, I promised myself that I would finish nursing school (which took me nearly six years but won’t go into details about it) and get my license by the end of 2018.

Well yesterday I saw my name followed by a title, “RN” on a public register. I’m so excited now! 

Were you able to keep your resolution? And what’s your resolution for 2019?
.
I just got accepted into the college I've always wanted to go to!!!
I am so so happy 
.
My 1 year ago self successfully trolled my today self.
1 year ago, I installed 2 Chrome extensions, the XKCD translator, and another one that delayed an extensions activation, I delayed the translations for 10 months. 2 months ago every single tumblr post I saw said "spaaaaace" instead of space, I just dismissed it as a tumblr meme or something. Then I saw in the news, that the Republicans had won the eating contests, I just thought it was a metaphor or something. I also play lots of Pokemon, and randomly, in bulbapedia, Electric type changed to Atomic. I thought it was just how it was called in Japan, and when translated to English, it was actually atomic. Also, I watch lots of movies, and I'm interested in superheroes and saw "a man dressed like a bat" instead of batman everywhere, specially reddit, and just thought it was a reddit meme. Not until like 10 minutes ago, while browsing amazon for Christmas presents for my nephews, I saw "LEGO a man dressed like a bat 3" I noticed. Saw the XKCD thing in the corner.

Tl;dr I trolled myself
.
My book was purchased by a library!
I know that's not too noteworthy, but someone on the other side of the country suggested it to their library, and it happened. I'm completely in awe over how a dream that I worked on in my bedroom is now going to be on a library shelf.
.
Being in your 20's is weird
Like seriously, I'm 25 now and it feels like everyone is all over the place. Some of my friends are getting married, some are having kids, meanwhile others are still figuring things out (myself included), some are still partying it up every weekend, and others are still in school. Life is weird after college.

Does everybody else feel the same way?

---

Edit: I had no idea how big this would blow up. Now I'm no expert in life, and what works for me doesn't work for everybody but I would like to hand out some tips that helped me through the first half of my 20s. 

1. **Focus on your foundations:** Friends & family, health & wellness, finances, and so on. Having a solid foundation is key to dealing with all the stresses. Having a solid social life works wonders when you have supporting friends and family who really want to see you succeed. Go for a run or walk a few times a week, even if you don't like exercise you will feel amazing afterwards. Start now with putting money into your savings, I recommend starting with at least 10% of you income. Once you have enough in your savings all your financial stresses will disappear.

2. **Explore new things! (aka get out of your comfort zone)** After graduation move to a place you've never lived before, try new hobbies, join different meetup groups, read more, this list goes on. Just get out there and try something new!

3. **Take on more responsibility.** Nothing feels better than knowing you can do something on your own: adopt a pet, move into your own place, aim for a promotion at work, or volunteer outside of work. 

4. **Find something bigger than yourself and contribute towards it.** One of the most common things I've noticed in this thread is people looking for their passions or looking for meaning in their lives. Luckily for you finding meaning isn't that hard, even if it isn't your fulltime job. You can donate to charity every paycheck, volunteer at a local nonprofit, start a fun side project (especially collaborative ones like a podcast or band).

5. **Do fun shit!** Go to music fests, go backpacking, take trips, go out on the weekends. Definitely take advantage of your young energy. I'm doing this by trying to see all the bands that I love live, and traveling a lot more, before life gets in the way. 

Focusing on these things has helped me get through my 20's and build myself into a better person in the process. What works for me might not work for you, but I just thought I'd offer my two-cents. 
.
Someone just mailed my boss a glitter bomb - but the receptionist opens his mail and she got creamed.
It was actually pretty funny and makes me want to send one to someone.  
.
I live in Switzerland and today is the annual "siren test". Every emergency siren in the whole country runs for a couple of minutes
So yeah, we have those emergency sirens that would go off in case of a war or something like that.  
Every year in February those sirens are tested on their functionality by letting them run for a couple of minutes.

It's really creepy and I love it every single year. It sounds exactly as the Silent Hill siren (from the movies). 

Sadly today is really nice weather. When there's a big mist or something it's so damn cool!

Do other countries have those kind of sirens too? Do you test them as well?
.
Might be silly but I reached 250 subs on my YT channel and I am kinda proud of it.
So in gamer years I am pretty old *(45)*, not saying I am old in life, just old for an active gamer. I run a Street Fighter, specifically Chun Li, channel on YouTube and I've been posting for years now.

At the beginning I didn't really have a purpose other than just archiving what I thought were my cool matches. Eventually I started have a pretty big collection of content but still no one was really watching and I don't particularly blame them... It was a random dude playing a game at a pretty mediocre level.

The latest version of the game came out a little more than two years ago and I have been posting matches as I leveled up. In all it's nerdy glory, I have reached Diamond rank in SFV. Not an incredible feat for thousands of players but at the same time, it means I am in the top 2% of players in the world. And my matches kinda chronicle that journey.

The higher the rank has netted more views and on top of that I have been discovering tech within the game and sharing when I could. Lastly I have captured games beating some of the best people in the world.

So here I am, I am probably playing Street Fighter the best I ever have in my life *(after 30 years of playing)* and my channel has the most viewers it ever has. And as small as that is to probably so many streamers and channels... I am kinda proud of it.

*EDIT:* **WOW!!!**

Crazy way to wake up with so many responses in my inbox! I think I got back to everyone! Sorry if I missed a post and thank you so much for the words of encouragement and congratulations!
.
For the first time in 41 years I saw a green traffic light
It's my birthday today an my wife bought me a pair of [Enchroma Glasses](http://enchroma.com/) as my gift. I never bought a pair because I test as a [strong protan](http://wearecolorblind.com/article/a-quick-introduction-to-color-blindness/) and there is only a 30% chance that these glasses would work for me at all. So far, there hasn't been any real change to the 'reds' that I see, but for the first time ever, a green traffic light looked green to me. Normally they look white. And highway signs...holy cow, they are **green**

I'm pretty excited at what I have seen so far today. I'm hoping that as my eyes get used to the glasses (wearing them gives me a bit of a headache and strong protans can take a few weeks to get acclimated to the glasses) even more colors emerge.

This has been a really exciting day
.
After 4 miserable years, I just quit my job.
I’m terrified and worried it’s a mistake of course, but more than anything, I am so, so relieved.  

I finally realized that I deserve to be happy.  

Life has hope and possibilities again. :)
.
For the past decade, I thought I was the problem in my relationships. Turns out I wasn't.
I haven't had many relationships in the past, but the ones I had left me broken. For example, my last serious boyfriend I loved to death. I would have done anything for them. But I never felt like my needs were met. I wanted my parter to be there more, to call me more, to be more loving, more involved in future plans. I didn't feel he was and I expressed this to him asking whether he was sure he wanted to be with me. I got blamed, accused, and attacked because I 'made him feel like it's never good enough'. I was made to feel like I was crazy. And because of this he broke up with me. 

I then met another guy off of a dating app. We talked for 4 months but in those months he kept disappearing, played hot and cold, never called, talked about a date 'one day' in hypotheticals but never made it happen (and yes, I asked about this, even proposed it myself but 'something' was always in the way). We finally had a date set and he cancelled. All throughout this he blamed me for 'misunderstanding him', wanting too much and causing him negative energy. I broke this off cause it started being sickening.

I believed there was something wrong with me all this time. That maybe I really wanted too much as these guys told me. That maybe some deep rooted issue was causing me to find faults everywhere but this was normal treatment.  

And then I met G. G was forward and consistent from the start. We got along as if we'd always known each other. He put in time and effort, and it's obvious it comes from a genuine place, not out of obligation or from some agenda. He has been a gentleman since the start. He talks to me consistently but respects my space. Was the one to initiate asking me out, to accommodate my busy schedule, and asked me out again and again. He talked early about life values and our dreams for the future to make sure we were compatible in that. In 4 weeks of dating, this human being has made me feel more appreciated than all my past relationships. 

I realized it wasn't me asking for too much. It was just the men I picked who were doing it wrong and my self worth being dragged underground from bad experiences. 

(and just to clarify I am not saying I am perfect, far from it. But I think like any other woman, I deserve to be treated well and feel loved, because I can give so much in return). 

tl;dr thought I was the one asking for too much in relationships, turns out I just had bad experiences

That's all, thanks for coming to my Ted Talk
.
2 years ago i moved 3 hours from home with nothing but a trash bag full of clothes and my dog.
And now I have a fiance, and baby boy on the way, an apartment I'm proud of, and my happiness back.  

         After my grandmother passed away I was left her house.  I was born and raised in that house and my grandmother raised me while my mother worked non stop to provide for Grandma, my twin sister and I.    My mother found her husband when I was 13 or so.  But o continued to live with Grandma.  He wasn't the best person with kids.  Just didn't like them.
Anyway, grandma passes away when I'm 20.  
3 weeks after her death, I come home to all my belongings on the curb.  My aunt had power of attorney and taken possession of the house.  Immediately gutting it and selling all the appliances.   I was destroyed.  I couldn't believe my whole life was taken from me like that.  I still haven't talked to my family since. My best friend let me stay with him for a bit. But I couldn't take the heart ache of being in my hometown, having to see my gutted home.   I found a job 3 hours away and took it.  Apartment Maintenance.  Perfect I thought.  I've always been the handy man being the only male in the house hold.  
And life took off from there.  Succeeded in my job.  Connected with a old fling and ended up falling head over heels for this girl.  She now has a ring on her finger and a baby in the womb.  I can proudly say that I am at my best right now and I needed to tell someone about it.  
I love my life.  
I love you Grandma RIP 
You'd be so proud of me.

.
I love the random sentences when you upvote on this subreddit, does any other sub have such feature?
I know /r/montageparodies had a hitmarker, that was awesome, any other sub?
.
Why is /r/teenagers throwing up in this sub lately?
"Omg a girl looked at me." "A girl said I'm cute." "How do i ask a girl out". We get it already I think the proper subs are even listed when you have stuff to talk about like that. Just in case you didn't know.
/r/advice /r/teenagers /r/relationship_advice 

Please start posting in the right sub.
.
What's your favorite joke?
A doctor gets a call at 4 AM. 

"Me and my friend," the caller says in a rush, "we went hunting. My friend climbed up a tree to search for deer but fell down. I think he's dead. I'm panicking here, I don't know what to do.."

"Calm down," the doctor replies. "Just take a deep breath and do everything exactly as I say. Can you do that?"

The caller takes a deep breath and lets it out slowly. "Yes," he says.

"Ok," the doctor says, "first why don't you go check on your friend and make sure he's really dead."

The doctor hears a loud shot.

"I've made sure. What next?"


.
I'm going to be a father!!
I'm so excited! My wife just got her first (then second, then third - can't be too sure) pregnancy test a little over a week ago. We've been married a little over three years, in our late 20's, and this will be our first child. We're not making the social media announcement until after our first appointment next week, but it's such a hard secret to keep!! Any advice for first time parents?
.
Just found out my grandfather has had reddit longer than me and has more karma as well!
Here’s a little insight, grandfather lives fairly close so I see them often. He rarely uses a computer and 4 years ago he finally got his first smartphone. 

So my grandfather is 78 yrs old, pretty laid back, loves to tell stories. So one day I was talking about this post I saw on reddit and was showing him what I thought was how to use reddit and what not! After spending like 15 minutes showing him reddit he proceeds to tell me he has a reddit to. 

What he is about to show me I would never have expected. He’s had reddit for 3 years so a year shorter than he’s had a smart phone. He has over 250,000 karma and seemingly knows how to use reddit better than I. 

I guess you never really know who’s on the opposite side!
.
I'm an idiot!
So, for the last 20 minutes I've been fighting a computer virus that throws anything I click on into the recycle bin and then tries to immediately delete it. I was really confused as to how I got it, considering I hadn't been downloading anything recently and I have really good virus protection. I wiped my hard drive and started over since I have most everything backed up on Google Drive. It kept happening.

Turns out my delete key was stuck.
.
I met Jaden Smith at Disneyland last night, and he gave me some of his wisdom.
http://i.imgur.com/njD9mdC.jpg

Okay so I was at Disneyland yesterday for my grad night. I'm in the line at one of the food places and I just see jaden Smith standing there, guarded by like 4 Disneyland employees. And so I just go up to him and ask him if he's jaden Smith and he goes "Yea, and take this paper. It's a tweet I've never tweeted out yet and it's just for you" and then just fucking walks away. I'm still in shock that I experienced this. 

EDIT: Proof that he was AT FUCKING DISNEYLAND yesterday https://instagram.com/p/2o8vgpHdOT/

EDIT 2: Oh my god I made it to the front page of reddit I love every single one of you
.
just passed my driving test first time!
I just wanted to get it over with. didn't care if I passed or failed - it was stressing me so much and I wanted to enjoy my christmas break. but I did it, I freakin passed. my examiner was the nicest guy ever, I hope nothing bad ever comes to him. such a nice guy. I'm sorry I cried, I was just so surprised. I don't really know what I'm doing here saying all this, I'm just so thrilled and wanted to share it with everyone! happy holidays!  


(for reference, I'm in the UK and the roads here are horrible. I hate driving so much lol)
.
People of Casual Conversation, your kindness is not forgotten
I posted here in January about taking myself on a date for my birthday because I had nothing else to do. I was just flicking through my diary entry from that day and I wrote about how sweet you all were, and how it warmed my heart how kind strangers could be.  
  
I just wanted to say thank you again to everyone who took the time to say something. Who would have guessed that so many internet strangers could have brightened up my birthday just with an anonymous message? It reminds you that there are lovely people all over the world at the touch of a button. Isn't that amazing?  
  
Let's get a conversation going and share the love! Do you have a story about a stranger (IRL or online) being kind to you? What about a story of you being the kind stranger?
.
I bored my fiancé to sleep, and it was probably the best moment of my life to date...
She couldn't sleep last night, so I started spouting off things that Nintendo was doing that made me mad and she was actually listening and responding. Within like 10 minutes, she went from hyper and struggling to rest to knocked out. 

Now, you might say, "Why would you like being boring??"

For me, looking down and seeing her head tucked into my chest and I had to check if she was responding, and she was fast asleep. It made me so happy... Just that I got to do something good for her, something that made a difference and she got to rest because of something nerdy I'm into lol. 

Just wanted to share, because she went to fort Worth and I'm alone for three days, and am going to be super bored....

Edit: spelling, cause I just woke up and realized lol
.
My name is Max, Im 18 and im really struggling with loneliness and the feeling that ill never progress, i wrote a poem too. I would really like to read whatever this made you think. Thank you.
Rejecting a reflection is test of one's grit

Seeing through a mirror as a window

Though mercurial it may seem to frolic

I find peace in that meadow.


I was told to post here from r/seriousconversation

A broken mind is not so strange anymore, so much moves and changes and yet you feel as if you stay still, never changing, never growing. Suddenly I changed, im excited but also afraid. Not of everything else but of myself. I am prone to change internally, i fear that i fear myself. I scoff at suicide and yet i don't feel its farfetched that i might go that way. I am able to reason that one's reflection may indeed be fake. Cogito ergo sum. Afterall there is no reason why death should not be like before birth, against this logic i still find myself terrified of the end that will not likely be for many years and yet i fear may happen immediately. My greatest weakness is my misunderstanding, i crave closeness so when i am offered reprieve i go to far or i find for once im not being my average characature Max and instead cheater, liar, sociopathic Max. I am scared writing this as my thoughts quicken and i am brought hope by a few things. 1. My dream of being loved by someone completely isnt remote, there are so many people in this world. 2. I will likely live for a long time. 3. I have read that one's attitude changes each decade, i hope this is true.

Edit: for people who feel they may be in a similar place to me i implore you to read the comments as they are very insightful
.
Just had the most intense emotional experience of my life - and it took 5 seconds
The Mrs. travels a lot for work. I was doing laundry and unpacking her suitcase. At the bottom of the suitcase I found, rolled up, her sexiest piece of lingerie: a black lacy see-thru that is my absolute favorite thing to see her in. What the hell is she doing taking it with her on a business trip? She's having an affair with some coworker?!? And somehow wearing this particular piece of lingerie makes it even worse. What the hell? Married 17 years, three kids - all of our lives are about to go to shit.

Oh, wait - it's just a black 2-layer blouse with a lace outer layer.

Hmm, wonder what's on TV tonight.
.
Reddit owes Ellen Pao an apology.
With the info dropped by /u/yishan recently.. it seems appropriate. 
.
My band sold out of shirts at a show, and I think that's pretty cool.
Now I'm gonna design some new ones 
.
So I just got an email from my 13 year old self in 2007
Today's my 22nd birthday, and at 2pm I got an email from futureme.org. At first I thought it was spam, but I decided to read it... And it's definitely from me!! It had me grinning all day long. Here's the whole mail:

Dear FutureMe, 
well anyways, this is me... hope you had or still are having that relationship with [guy I had a major crush on for numerous years]. My cel phone hasn't come yet (stupid mail) and mybest friend is Bethi. HMMMM and I'm gonna see Harry Potter 5 at the weekend. Remember Maggie, and all your other friends you left back in Texas. Lose some weight ;-). It's been raining for days and I hate it, how am I supposed to get a tan (well i already got one) if the sun doesn't shine. K550I 4EVA. uumm...oh right! You're 13, single, and you hate you're life, don't forget it. I like to listen to Avril Lavigne, Wir sind Helden, Billy Talent, Fall Out Boy, 30 Seconds to Mars, Rihanna, Alex Gaudino, Linkin Park, Shakira, Beyonce, The Veronicas, Lemon Tree =D, and sum others. Well umm, you'll be 22 by now so ROCK ON. Luvya babye!!! Dont forget, 
[about 20 past classmates I couldn't care less about]
AND [GUY I USED TO HAVE A MAJOR CRUSH ON]!!! 
Take Care, [my nickname]!

PS. By now you should have: been bungee jumping, met avril lavigne+ autograph, been scuba diving, been strapped to akite in a thunderstorm =).... ETC

THE END


.
My sisters daughter just told me she loves me
So I'm studying abroad for the past 2 years. I went away around the same time she was born so ive only been able to see her during Christmas and a small duration of the summer. Ive been here for almost 2 weeks now and its the first time she tells me she loves me and im probably the happiest person alive atm and nothing can change that
.
Job interview today, potentialy leaving a career I’ve been in for almost 9 years.
I’ve been at my place of work for 9 years this June, I enjoy the work I do and have had several promotions since joining.

However recently they announced some changes to come, which I understand and I can see why they have been implemented.
BUT I don’t like them and I don’t like how they will be implemented. 

So I’ve started looking elsewhere, I started applying last week and have interview today, it’s completely different field but very transferable skills so I can see my self fitting in easily!

I’m excited but also nervous, not nervous for the interview, but nervous at the idea of leaving my current company. I had ideas of a career for life, the benefits are amazing and it’s provided so much for me during the last 9 years.

Anyway wish me luck it’s in an hour!

Edit: I feel the interview went well, I enjoyed it either way, thanks for all the positive words I will update again if I hear anything 
.
When a student fails my class, I always think of it as we failed each other.
It is typical for when a student makes an A for them to say something like, 

"I made an A!"

But, when a someone fails, it is not uncommon to hear, 

"The TEACHER failed me." 

Some people argue that it's the student's fault (Which I agree----to an extent----a teacher can only do so much).

BUT, this is how I like to see it...

When you succeed, I succeed too. 

When you fail, I fail too. 
.
It's a weird thing...
You meet a girl who seems like just another gal. It feels good to be around her and she makes you laugh. Shortly after that you realize you'd rather spend time with her than with anyone else you know. You have a few fights, but you make up each time. You start to understand her better, and you start to understand yourself better. 

One day you realize that you love her. And when you tell her, she's so happy. You just told her you love her. It's not a favor. It's not something you chose. It just happened. And yet, when you tell her she's so happy, and you're so happy. 

Then one day, you realize that this is it. That this person you just met one day and who was just a cool gal a few years ago but is now the most important person in your life. And you can't live without her. And everything you thought you knew about life is different now. So you ask her the question both of you are waiting for, "Will you marry me?"

I got engaged. And I'm so happy.
.
I just realized why we call the president POTUS and his wife FLORUS
I’m legitimately feeling so dumb right now. I thought calling POTUS and FLOTUS were come kind of insults towards the president and his wife or a play on the title for the pope (pontiff). Clearly it is not nor do I have any idea where my thinking came from outside of lack of knowledge. 

Anyway I was googling Barbara Bush and that led to Abigail Adams somehow and I was on her wiki page. Before I knew it I clicked on First Lady Of The United States and saw FLOTUS in parenthesis. Then it all clicked. It’s not an insult or anything negative. It is literally just an abbreviation for President of the United States and First Lady........

I had no idea and I’m really glad I don’t ever indulge in politics of any kind with anyone. 

**my bad on the spelling error in the title and also come should have been some in the second sentence. :/ time for bed. 
.
Whenever a toddler starts a story from the middle ,then explains the beginning and then goes for the conclusion , then the kid is driving me crazy . But whenever Tarantino does it , it's fucking genius .
Because the fucking bot wanted me to add con"text".
.
My non-verbal ASD 2.5 boy said "Hi" for the very first time today!
I used to work with little children before becoming a full time mother. I thought I knew everything I had to know before having my baby, I was prepared. 

Little did I know the biggest challenge of my life was about to start. 

My boy was diagnosed with ASD before he turned two. I know it's been only 2 years but it feels like forever. He's 2.5 now. I had to learn how to hold him, talk to him, get thru to him, play with him, feed him, give him a bath, everything I thought I knew was completely useless. Autism is a whole other world. 

Sometimes I get a little discouraged when I see other little ones calling their mother, telling stories, dancing, just normal toddler things and I wonder if I ever will experience at least my boy call me "mom", I'd love to hear his voice. 

This evening, while my husband and I were brushing his teeth in the bathroom, he suddenly turned to look at himself and us in the mirror and said: "Hi" 

Then, he said it over and over again with the biggest smile, looking at us and giggling. My heart melted and for once I feel hopeful. That voice was the sweetest voice I've ever heard. 

I know it's something little, insignificant but it meant the world to me, I don't know what the future holds but this was HUGE for my husband and I. 

What makes you guys hopeful? :)


.
My favorite part about being an Uber/lyft driver is when I'm able to help somebody through a tough time.
I've been at it for years now, working mostly the night shift. I've done just all told between both platforms I've done about 3000 rides.  And most of the time, they're pretty run of the mill. Just a ride to a friend's place or to the grocery store or a bar or club. But every now and then, I'll pick up somebody who is hurting somehow. And it's true, people would much rather talk to a stranger than someone they know about their problems because there is no judgment. And they will just unload. Tell me everything about what's wrong. And if there is enough time, by the time I get them to their location, they'll feel at least a little better. But I have been willing, from time to time, to hang out with them for at least a little while longer so I can help them out bit more. Years of playing therapist with people I know have shaped me into a great listener. 

And I just love doing it. I love being able to end my shift feeling like I helped someone somehow. I feel like I did something worthwhile. 
.
It's my birthday, I am happy and there is nothing depressing about this post
Just wanted to share that. I am kinda truly happy right now. 

I am in the process of updating my wardrobe and got a beautiful watch from my parents. This evening I am going out with friends and since I don't have to drive home for the first time in years I may actually get drunk enough to talk to girls. Tomorrow I am invited to a birthday party of a friend I hadn't seen in 3 years and we are going to a Gothic club. Sunday I am baking cake to share with my team at work.

Things are just really looking good right now even though I am not a bit closer to actually being successful when it comes to girls but caring less seems to be a decent first step.

Let's just all be positive in here, okay?
.
Just under 6 months ago i tried to kill myself. today, i graduated college
(this post is inspired by https://www.reddit.com/r/CasualConversation/comments/8obhyv/i_tried_to_kill_myself_two_months_ago_tomorrow_im/?st=JIJ59TQD&sh=c5e31246, shoutout to u/CorpusLuteum)

i haven’t really told anyone about it, and it was a pretty heavy weight i still think about a lot. i’ve had some rough patches over the years, and to graduate i had to take 2 extra courses this term, which was pretty stressful but i wanted to graduate in 4 years and prove something to myself

today, i got my BS in engineering, and i got pretty choked up over it, so i just wanted to share this somewhere, thought here would not be too bad of a choice. thank you for reading 
.
I just had vocal cord surgery and I'm not allowed to make any noise for one week. I now realize how hard it is to not laugh...I feel like I'm Jimmy Fallon on a SNL sketch trying not to break.
I had a vocal cyst removed from my vocal cords a few days ago and now I'm on vocal rest i.e. no talking, coughing, throat clearing, or noise making of any kind. For the past few days it's been alright, I go to work, I use ASL to communicate with coworkers, and I bring a whiteboard pad with me for any words I don't know in ASL, which happen to be every word but "thank you" and "you're welcome." So really I only use ASL to say thanks and vice versa. But things have been okay! Except for the fact that I can't laugh...I never realized how hard it is to stop the urge to laugh. I can't read Group Chats with my friends since they're too funny, I skip out on certain subreddits (except /r/funny, rim shot!) to avoid making me laugh, and I can't watch my favorite tv shows since they always make me burst! We take things for granted like electricity and agriculture but man personally I took laughter for granted. 
.
I'm proud of myself for a change.
I've been writing short stories on Reddit, and just recently noticed that I've averaged 6-8k views for my last 5 stories, and I'm really excited about it. None of my friends or family are aware and those that are don't care about the stuff I write. so I just wanted to take a moment to tell some-one how proud I am about those numbers!!
.
Do you think there are any celebrities on Reddit just blending in anonymously?
Edit 2: ITT the consensus seems to be that if you’re an anonymous celebrity we totally get it, and we just want you be happy and take care of yourself.

Edit: I should probably have titled this “Do you ever think about how there are probably celebrities on Reddit?” Because I’m sure there are and I never really think about it when chating with internet strangers.

I mean like with a regular anonymous account like we all have (I know they do AMA’s etc.).

I used Reddit 100% separate from my regular life. I love it because I can chat on here anonymously. No one knows who I am if I say something dumb, and I can chat about things I want to keep private irl.

I would think for a celebrity, an anonymous Reddit account would be amazing to say things they’d be scrutinized for otherwise, and to talk about things in their life that they want to keep private otherwise. I imagine being famous might get quite lonely at times.

Anyone else have this thought? Or heard of it being true?
.
I've just eaten a mango, for the first time in my life.
My dad ate a mango once when he visited Egypt, and even though his Egyptian friends hyped it for him and praised its delicious flavor, he still thought it wasn't that great. He said it tasted horrible, in fact.

But I was surprised to see mangoes at the local bazar a few days ago and (like an idiot) asked the guy how much for a kilo, as if I was buying tomatoes. He said, "These are sold by quantity. One mango for 7.5 Liras." I immediately knew I had to try it, no matter the cost, so I just picked one (they all looked identical) and said, "Bag it!" 7.5 Liras could get me two kilograms of apples, for comparison.

I ate it today! I watched a video which explained how to cut and dice a mango properly. Compared to the one in the video, my mango felt more robust and less fleshy. Also, it looked visibly greener, with almost no redness on the outside. However, it tasted really good. It had a hint of carrot with orange, all sweetened mildly.

I could very much see mangoes being one of my favorite fruits. Alas, they don't grow in or around where I live, and so they have to be imported, which makes them expensive and available only for a few weeks each year.

What is your favorite fruit? What is a fruit (or food item) that you got to try, and what were your impressions? Discuss :P

EDIT: will go to sleep now, so I apologize if I don't reply to you nice people right away. Good night :)

EDIT 2: so I woke up, replied to a few comments then went to work. I'm back now and will be replying to, hopefully, every kind redditor who took the time to comment on my post :)
.
I am hanging out with my crush on Saturday. I cannot wait!
This weekend a friend of mine is visiting from out of state. I decided to plan an outing and took a chance on inviting my crush to come along. He said he was interested but never gave a definite answer until the other day, which was yes. Not only am I excited to have my friend in town but now I get to spend some of the time with my crush too. Honestly, I cannot even begin to express my excitement. I don't know if I have stopped smiling since he said he will be there. 

&#x200B;

Does anyone else have fun plans for this weekend that they are looking forward to? 

ETA: Thanks everyone for all the kind words! I honestly didn’t think this post would blow up like it did. 
Just to be clear on something, we all going on a group outing, meaning there will be more people there than just the 3 of us. 
.
Finally heard back about an internship I applied to on a whim and SOMEHOW I GOT IT!!!
A couple months ago I sent in a very lengthy application for an internship with the United Nations and I just heard back that I was accepted?!?!? I still cannot believe it is real; I keep re-reading the email because I really didn’t expect to get it. I was thoroughly convinced I was denied because it took them so long to respond. I’ve never been to Europe before and this is in Athens, Greece so I’m super excited! Also kind of nervous though. That’s normal right??

Edit: I love this sub! Thank you all so so much!!!! I feel less nervous already. For everybody asking about internship opportunities I recommend aiesec.org. Many of my friends have interned through this NGO. There are hundreds of paid and unpaid internships and actual jobs available, all across the globe.
.
My 11 year old son
I'm not sure where to post this, so I figure this is as good a place as any. 

The other day my 11 year old son came home from school and shared a story of schoolyard conflict with me in confidence. Some of his friends had been fighting and he needed to get it off his chest. Afterwards I told him that I thought he was a great friend. He'd handled a difficult situation that might pressure other people into going along with the crowd, but he didn't judge and stuck by his friend. 

I was proud of him. But what followed made me feel even prouder. 

He went on to say "that's what *another friend* said when he told me he was gay. He said he trusted me because I don't judge."

He told me this so casually, didn't faze him in the least. 

And that's when I learned that, thank goodness, the world is changing. Slowly, person by person, the world is changing for the better. 

I shared this with a friend tonight and teared up. I'm proud to know a person like my son who doesn't pass judgment, who knows who he likes, sticks up for his friends (even against his friends). 

There's a saying that standing up against your enemies is hard, but standing up to your friends is harder. This kid does it. He's way braver than I was at his age, possibly even now. 

We have a lot to learn from our kids. 

EDIT: Hey everyone! I apologize for the late replies. I posted this last night and was at work all day. Busy day, it was!

Thanks so, so much for the gold and the kind words - it was beautiful to read how touched some of you were. 

My son really is a great kid. I definitely make a point of telling him how proud I am. More importantly, I remind him that he should be proud of himself. 

Thank you all again. :)
.
My brother fell in the toilet and it was hilarious.
My brother of 23 years who's notorious for leaving the toilet seat up just became a victim of his own crime. He fell in the toilet last night and it literally scared him straight. He said it was the most terrifying experience he's ever had and apologized to me, promising never to leave it up again. 

I know this is a place for more serious stuff, but I almost died of laughter and wanted to share the story.
.
Today I passed out at a restaurant and came to a realization
So as the title says, I passed out at a restaurant. I blacked out and busted my chin open on a chair before I went down. The paramedics were called and it was chaotic. 

Regardless, the first thing I felt when the EMT started asking me questions was jealousy. I feel like I'm crazy but that's literally the first thing I thought, "This guy knows all this medical stuff and I don't." 

I'm interested in the medical field but I wasn't sure if it was right for me or not or if I was making the right decision, but if the first thing I feel is jealousy after blacking out then I feel like that's more proof than anything. I'm kind of glad in a way. 
.
My 2.5 year old toddler burned me hard today.
I walked out of the bathroom with just my pajama pants on. She says "Daddy has boobies, wear a bra?"

Gonna go hit the treadmill for a while.
.
For the longest time I though Hanna-Barbera was run by two women.
Was kind of disappointed when I found it was created by  William Hanna and Joseph Barbera. 

Don't know why though just liked the idea of two women creating kids shows.
.
Does anyone else start typing up a comment or post and then half way through... just decide not to?
I've probably got hundreds of posts that I've not actually posted because I've decided that I just can't be arsed, or reading it back through, it's actually not that funny/interesting. 

Edit; I don't care that it's now 24 hours later - please feel free to carry on commenting, I SHALL REAd THEM ALL
.
I just want to brag about my family.
We are a really Kooky family. Young (25f/28m/12m) with a baby on the way. Yesterday while I was cooking dinner, I had my nephew at the table doing bridge learning and my husband tearing apart the dryer because one of the fins came loose. 

We had a great dinner, the kid wasn't moody at all (in fact super energetic for nighttime) and we fixed the dryer. All by ourselves, the first go round. We all crawled into the master bed later and created a meal plan for the next two weeks where we all take turns cooking (the kid only cooks 2 times and he loves to cook). After we were done, it all felt super productive and made us all kind of happy. Like we are finally feeling like a family for the first time. (we got guardianship of our nephew in April and it's been rough going)

So that's it. We just had a really good night and I loved it.
.
I have very fond memories of watching Winnie the Pooh as a child. I randomly decided to watch an episode of it again the other day because I was feeling terribly down, and strangely nostalgic for my distant past. I don't regret a thing.
I am an adult male, yes. 

No, I am not going to become one of those Bronies. Nothing against bronies or anything

This was a one time thing. 

I watched one of the silly songs where the yellow bear hallucinates swimming through an ocean of honey when he is in fact rolling around in mud and actually eating it ...

I also decided to look for some of the media where Christopher Robin was the focus here, since I had the original books in which he was actually the main character. 

 I was maybe seven or eight when watching Winnie the Pooh, and this was a much happier time for me in general because I did not yet know of just how crazy the outside world really was. 

The world of Winnie the Pooh was quite a wholesome place I must say, and I would love to be able to replicate the magic of this universe in my own writing once day. All the silly poems, the precociously child-like characters, that sweet young boy, the sense of wonder displayed towards the world

Edit:  I seem to recall an episode where for some weird reason Christopher Robin of all people was in big trouble after doing something apparently naughty and at one point he had a jail uniform on as a gag. Tigger was there and he said something in that scene which must have incriminated him because he had an oh crap face afterwards. Anybody know what this might have been from? I suspect it was an earlier episode, likely from before the 2011 series. 

Edit: Found it, it was "Sorry, wrong slusher" and one of the later episodes of The New Adventures of Winnie the Pooh. Yes, it was a dream sequence. Christopher Robin is the last person who would ever get sent to jail even though in this television series he does act a bit more immature than usual.
.
My cat got put down today, but I think now rather than being sad he's gone, I'm celebrating his life. :)
His name was Rosco, he was a brown Siamese [edit: meezer] who we took in from the Toronto SPCA. He lived in a nice home with a loving family for 17 long years. We love you, Rosco! 


.
RIP Fruit Fly
This morning I went to the break room to get myself a cup of coffee, as I normally do. When I went to grab the pot, I noticed a tiny fruit fly floating around. It was minding its own business, so I let it be as I poured the coffee into my mug. I was happy to have a little company in my morning routine, no matter how small the companion. I smiled watching it fly aimlessly around me, marveling at the freedom such a creature must have. Then, to my horror, the suicidal bastard flew straight into my steaming hot coffee. I was stunned, wondering what kind of problems it must have been facing to think death by drowning in burning liquid was the answer. Shaken over the turn of events, I remorsefully emptied my cup, and the little guy, down the drain. RIP fruit fly, you will be missed.
.
A $2,000 laptop was left on my porch by UPS. Today, they couldn't deliver a box of Reese Puffs cereal without a signature.
I'm sad because I really want a bowl of cereal right now.

Update: the cereal was delivered. It didn't require a signature as the slip he left behind yesterday told me. He said "He just didn't want to leave it out here."

Dick.
.
Just recalled middle school me convincing my mother to buy me a Dr Dre album by claiming he was an actual doctor and there were educational aspects to his music.
lol
.
I've realised I've never seen an owl in real life :(
I know there are owls around my house because I can hear them at night hooting (???) but I've never actually seen any. There isn't really an end to this story. I guess I wish I could see these owls irl. My favourite are barn owls. They're equally as cute as they are creepy.

Edit: I should clarify I mean wild owls. I've seen them in sanctuaries/rescues. But I wanna see a wild one in a tree with its spooky eyes
.
I just graduated High School!
I had to drop out of HS because when I was 14 my mom was moving us around so much that I was falling way behind and failing almost every class. I just graduated today at 20 with a 3.7 GPA! Not great but considering I went from a d and f student to an a and b student I'm pretty happy with it!
.
It is mind blowing that we have a robot on Planet Mars taking full HD pictures everyday, yet most people don't care about it. How can ANYONE not be astonished??
I'm always baffled how most people just ignore it or don't even care!!!

My reaction is always like.... "these pictures are taken from ANOTHER planet millions of miles away... Woah!!!"
.
I was called handsome today.
A cute redhead (my age for once) called me handsome and strong indirectly.  
It's nice  
Something else to talk about.  
Erm, i haven't drunk water for 3 weeks. (Pure water atleast)  
Edit : Water has been drunken.

.
Is it weird how saying sentences backwards creates backwards sentences saying how weird it is?
English is weird sometimes. It can be understood through tough thorough thought though.
.
For the first time in my life, there is a comma in my bank balance
For my whole life, I've been in poverty. For months, we lost money every month and did not qualify for government assistance. I have a bachelor's degree and my wife has her masters degree, and neither of us can find work in our fields.

Last month, I applied for a debt consolidation loan through the bank I worked at. I was able to lock in 5% interest, and convert $550 in monthly payments down to $252. 

As stupid as this sounds, I was almost in tears just now because I was able to afford a new wallet. When I clicked "buy", and wasn't worried about where my next meal is coming from, I felt ecstatic.

How is your day going?
.
Anybody else think that Dominoes pizza is fuckin killing it right now?
Ever since they revamped their pizza I’d say they easily have the best pizza of the big chains, they’re literally fixing the roads in America, and they now will deliver to tons of random spots you might be at. I just think that’s pretty cool.

Edit: Jesus people no I have no relation to dominoes it was more of a showerthought than anything. Fat unemployed 23 year old here https://imgur.com/a/UwDsD5d

Edit 2: I just want to say I feel so exposed knowing how many of you just checked my post/comment history.
.
I was just asked if I was over 12, I’m 23
If anyone says I should feel good about looking 12 years younger you will be down voted. 

I get told a lot I look considerably younger, 5 years younger or so but this is something very new to me. I just don’t know how to react. I just told her I was over over 12 and am now leaving after finishing my breakfast. Just wow. I have no more words. 

Update: 
Wow, already almost 200 upvotes, stop blowing my phone up guys. How did this post get so popular?

Update 2:
This is insane. I never imagined this post would blow up so much. I’m already at 1,200+ upvotes and 13,000+ views. It’s already 2 in the morning and it looks like the only way I will be getting a my rest tonight is if I turn it off. Too bad I need my alarm for work.....  It’s awesome getting this much recognition. I never thought talking about my baby face would be so popular among Redditors. 

Isn’t it crazy to see how many of us have the same day to day struggles? Now here is an easy bonus for you guys, just because I’m bored and I have been seeing this a lot. If u can guess my gender you get some brownie points. It seems a lot of u guys have been getting this wrong, nbd. Hint: it’s in my username. 

I know it may be stupid but this is what happens when I am up till 2 am I guess lol. 
.
I don't have a lot of friends so when I get the opportunity to make one, I come off as clingy and desperate, perpetuating the cycle of having no friends
This has been hitting me particularly hard as of late. I'm very lonely and have been for quite some time. When I get the opportunity to meet people or someone reaches out to me, I think I exude that loneliness and desperation and inadvertently push them away.

I come off as clingy and anxious, obsessing over every word I say for fear of accidentally putting them off, checking and double checking their comfort level during the conversation, or not talking and just letting them blab while nodding. We get a good text convo flowing and then I blow up the chat because I'm so happy to finally have someone to talk to, which scares them away. Sometimes I move too fast in wanting to hang in person, come to their place, etc.

Basically I self sabotage every potential connection presented to me, and have found myself unable to ever make friends because of this vicious cycle. Anyone else here with a similar experience?
.
Whenever I type 'lol', I envision it as a man lifting his arms next to his head saying 'woo'.
Also, it's just the head and arms, no other body parts. And he says 'woo' in the most half-arsed way possible (kind of in a Jon Richardson voice). I cannot explain why I do this, but it gives me so much joy whenever I read it. Does anyone else do anything else similar to this? Or do you have any more questions?

lol woo  
  
**EDIT:**  
    
Okay, I've just woken up and I love that everyone is seeing this. I've replied to most of you, and have made a few discoveries. Here goes:  
David Mitchell and Donald Trump are also acceptible *woo*-ers, as is Rick Flair if you want it to be enthusiastic, instead of unenthusiastic.  
  
o7 is an American saluting.  
\~\~\~lol~~~\^~ is someone drowning with a shark.  
  
It has also come to my attention that some of you are at work, so if you are, could you irl raise your arms up and give a quick '*woo*' and let me know any reactions you get?  
  
Cheers,  
M.  
  
lol^*woo*

.
Up,Up,DownDown,Left,Right,Left,Right,B,A,Enter. If you have RES do it right now.
Stuff flies by the screen
.
Just found out someone broke into my car last week but only took my swedish fish
Our leasing office called me today to say they have my wallet, which is confusing because I had my wallet next to me in my purse. Last Wednesday night, somebody went through a bunch of unlocked cars in our lot and took stuff. The thief ran off when someone saw him and he threw a bunch of the stuff he was carrying (including the wallet that was in my dash). Thankfully it was just an old wallet I had stopped using full of useless business cards. 

After work Wednesday I had bought a huge bag of Swedish fish. I was confused when I left for class Thursday morning because my Swedish fish were gone out of the front seat. I thought that I must’ve misplaced them somehow or maybe my boyfriend took them as a joke. Apparently the thief was hungry enough to steal an opened bag of Swedish fish! 
.
Extreme Coffee people are weirdly aggressive
I love coffee, a lot. But people who think you don’t really like coffee unless you drink it black or with no sugar are just annoying. I love super sweet fun flavored coffee, I will put whipped cream on it, or chocolate creamer with sugar, or whatever I what to make that bitter bean my caffeine whore. It doesn’t make me love it less.
Rant over, I’m curious and looking for fun ideas. How do you guys like your coffee? Or favorite tea?

Edit: Thanks for all the replies! I should clarify though, I do very much love the taste of coffee itself but it’s bitter and I like to hide that in tons of fun flavors and styles.
.
I don't like waking up early but I love the feeling of mornings. Does anyone else feel the same way?
Like the title says, I'm not a big fan of waking up early. At least when I'm not used to it (which is most of the time now haha). But I do enjoy the feeling of mornings. I like the feeling of things just waking up and starting up to get ready for the day. If I ever need to be downtown early in the day for something, I try to get there a bit early so I can people watch for a little bit. 



Does anyone else like the feeling of a certain time of day?
.
Whenever I watch Nirvana Unplugged I stare at the audience and realize most of them were around the same age as I am now. Then it occurs to me that a lot of them are in their 50's now. Then I start having an existential crisis.
Getting old is strange.  I'd love to hear from anybody who was there!
.
#trashtag is the best trend I've seen pop up ever.
There's always a dumb trend going on where everybody wants to join in on (weird dancing one with horse heads and stuff, etc) but this #trashtag where people post pics of a beach or road they've cleaned up is the latest one ive seen, and I'm 100% on board with people trying to farm Internet points with these posts haha. 
.
Does anyone else have a hard time hearing words in songs?
I don't know if it's normal or not but for all of my life I've had a hard time understanding words in songs. I listen to a huge variety of different music and almost all of the time I just can't tell what the words being sung are. I usually look up the lyrics if I like a song because I don't know what it's really about until I read the words.

I've noticed this also happens when people talking to me. Unless they speak clearly I have to ask them to repeat themselves, sometimes more then once. 

Is this a normal thing? Do other people hear all the words but not all instruments? I've never really thought about this until now. I feel like I'm missing parts of music because I don't look up lyrics to everything. 

Edit: missing words 
.
My second sister who has been the butt of so many “always a bridesmaid but never a bride” jokes just got engaged to a wonderful man in a beautiful way. I’m so fucking happy for her I needed to tell someone.
Yeah, title. On top of that, my niece from my other sister just turned 1. They’ve started calling me “Funcle” on account of my calling dibs on being the “fun uncle”. My heart is so full. Thank you all for reading! 
.
I feel like I am starting to get my shit together
I started going to the gym, eating and dressing better, had a first part time job, passed a driving exam, fixed my sleeping pattern, have my own apartment (with the help of my parents, but still), learned how to prepare few basic meals etc. 
.
For the first time ever, I asked a girl if she was single!
She said no and that she had a boyfriend.

She followed up, however, by asking me if I had a girlfriend.

"No, I never have, unfortunately..."

"Wow, really? Never? Why?"

"I...I don't know, it's just a constant in my life, it seems."

"You're a really really sweet and nice guy, though!"

"Aw, thanks..."

"I am sorry, though, I do have a boyfriend. Thank you, though."

-

*everything went better than expected*
.
I bought weed for the first time today!
I'm 28 and I've only smoked/tried edibles twice. 

I booked a little solo bed and breakfast getaway for myself this weekend and a friend talked about how one day she spent four hours journaling and listening to music. I have some stuff I'd like to work through but sometimes it's hard to just sit down and take a long look at your mental wellness for long periods of time. So I thought, what could be better than to add some weed to the mix? I'm hoping it will help get me in the zone. 

A friend from work is actually an "herb concierge" so I asked if she had any edibles. She offered me a choice between cookie dough balls or a nerd rope. I went with the cookie dough balls. She doesn't work at my location but she came by and I met her outside. She rolled down the window and handed me a little brown gift bag with blue crepe paper and I awkwardly flung $20 on her seat. 

I may be 28 but as I went back inside with my illicit goods I grinned gleefully at the thought of how appalled my parents would be. They are very much Nixon-era "weed is a gateway drug" types. So I guess I just bought drugs from my dealer! 


For anyone reading this don't worry - I'll start off with a small amount and give it a couple hours to kick in. I've heard the horror stories too.
.
I finally got a place over my head!
Hello first post on Reddit, excited to be here and meet you all, hope that everyday brings you some joy! One love folks! 

Just happy to announce I've come from being homeless, I'm officially out of the shelter and into my own room I'm in a house and couldn't be happier.

I dont own bed or tv or anything yet but being able to lay on the floor in my own area In private is making me cry with happiness, I have a ceiling !


.
I think it is odd that people take things that they do not own.
I was just thinking the other day how we have to lock our bikes to things so that somebody will not take them. If I see an unlocked bike my first thought is not to take it. Same goes for anything really. I just don't understand the type of person that will take something if it isn't bolted to the ground. 

EDIT: I never thought that this topic would gain so much interest. I am enjoying reading everyone's thoughts on this.
.
Im too polite and now the Jehovahs Witnesses think I am very interested and have started showing up more and more and weirding me out
Hey everybody. At my apartment JWs showed up a long time ago and the first time I basically said “now isnt a good time” to get out of it and they left a little reading packet. It was two old ladies, one did all the talking and the other one looked very sweet. The one who did all the talking is a person with very intense eyes. The next time they came I said I wasnt looking for this kind of a thing at the time and to have a good day. The main old lady who did all the talking looked a little mad but the other one just smiled and said have a good day.  (Also my floor creaks when I check the peep hole so if I see who is at my door they can hear me there)

A good amount of time went by before I saw the main old lady again. This time the sweet older woman wasnt there but in her place was a stunning young (25 or so yo)woman. She took the same role as the sweet woman of just smiling at me while the intense eyed woman talked. But this time the talk wasnt about how my life can be improved and find deeper meaning. It was all about the bountiful gifts I could receive by giving myself to the lord, their was an uncomfortable feeling of implication there for sure. I just let her talk before eventually taking the little brochure and getting myself out of it and I dodged her for months.

Until today! She came back today with the same woman and another woman who was maybe 20 years old. This time the intense eyed woman started by introducing me to her friends and asking how I have been and stuff before starting another try. 

The main lady is really creeping me out at this point and there is something about her that makes me uneasy, but this whole thing is adding a weird excitement to my very boring life.

Tl:dr. Kinda creepy Jehovah Witness woman comes to my apartment. First brought an old woman as silent backup then gorgeous woman my age then 2 gorgeous woman but I never shut it down.


.
Sometimes I wish I could go back in life, not to change shit, just to feel some things twice.
I wonder if anyone else feels similarly in this regard.

Edit: This really blew up over night. I'll try to talk with as many people as I can. I really had no clue that this was a lyric from a Drake song.
.
I had a psycho lady lie and sue me for $7,000. Today during trial, I exposed her lies and WON BITCHES!
Ugh so much stress off my shoulders. With a freaking ridiculous backstory: 

A year ago I moved to a new city. I weighed the pros and cons of being a roommate or having my own place and decided I’d get a roommate and save money. 

Big mistake. 

I moved in with a woman, we’ll call her Satan. Satan has a gorgeous dog friendly condo and was in my price range. She told me she was a lawyer and came off put together. Our move in was informal and we never actually signed a lease. 

Shortly after moving in, things started to take a turn. What she quoted me for utilities was FAR off from what she promised. Like $600 a month more. 

Then she opens up about her severe mental illness and substance abuse history. We drank wine when we met. Later I learned she had only recently started drinking again. 

She never left the house. She slept at all crazy hours and drank all day every day. 

She had mental breakdowns at night where she would start screaming hysterically at 2am. 

Satan flew to another state to sleep with a doctor in exchange for Klonopin. 

Then one night she and a friend took it to another level. They were taking the klonopin and drinking all night. So intoxicated it was nuts. 

My dog wakes me up to go out at 2am. When we get back, I go to kitchen for a glass of water. 

That’s when I see she was literally smoking crack in the kitchen. All over the counter where my dog could have easily reached it. That was the final straw. I moved out that day on the 20th. She didn’t even notice until I gave my letter that day. 

In my state, verbal agreements only require 30 days notice and don’t need a reason. Also as a tenant I learned I have a right to something called “quiet enjoyment”. So having mental breakdowns and SMOKING CRACK certainly violate that right. If that right is violated, I technically could have demanded my last month rent back. 

After I leave, another guy moved in. He lasted a month until her crack smoking made him feel unsafe too. She sued him. 

Satan then said she didn’t fill the apartment, claimed we signed a lease, and sued me for 7,000. She even got caught electronically superimposing my signature on a random lease agreement. 

What Satan *didn’t* know, is that I knew about the crack smoking and took pictures that night. I didn’t quote it in my notice letter either, so she had no clue it was coming. 

The SECOND I busted out those photos, she dropped the case instantly. I had so much more too and she didn’t see it coming. 

I’d also like to mention that she is a millionaire. Like big time. Would go chandelier shopping for fun. Every article of clothing was at least $500. I was house hunting and she’d chuckled about how I was looking at 30year loans and she could buy it outright. Satan was the most entitled, detached from reality, fucking princess I’ve ever met. Squeezing my fresh grad, nonprofit working, broke af ass. 

Satan can kiss my butthole.
.
I Just Earned the Eagle Rank in Boy Scouts
As of two days ago I achieved the pinnacle of what can be done as a Scout! It took 6 and a half years and was a 326 step process. Only 2.6% of scouts achieve the rank of eagle, and it's my proudest achievement! For my Eagle Service project I created brochures of information on judges whose portraits hang in the local courthouse, including my grandpa! Information on all 17 judges has never been curated all in the same place before, so I'm proud to have created a totally new resource for my community!
.
I just heard music for the first time in my life. Which songs should I listen to?
Unfortunately, my parents took me on a ride on a jet plane when I was a few months old and I had been deaf since then.


We live in a third world country and since my dad worked in the army, we couldn't afford a hearing aid. I didn't have any idea what "sound" was. Today, I got a hearing aid as a present from an expat visitor and I could **hear** for the first time in my life.

He played the song "We are the world" by Michael Jackson. It was overwhelming at first but I couldn't help but fall in love with the singer's voice. His voice somehow comforted me. I experienced the peace I never knew existed.

What other songs should I listen to?

Sorry, I'm all teary after hearing for the first time. I wish I could talk to you guys via voice chat to hear everyone although I'm sure I wouldn't be able to make out what you're saying. I think if people are talking about good things, they would give me that 'good feeling' like the song. I'm not really sure of course. Thanks again!

Edit: I will definitely listen to all the songs recommended by everyone who's awesome to have made a comment and keep each and everyone updated after I've listened to the recommended songs. Wouldn't hurt to try and I'm willing to take whatever the risk haha. So far, I like the less repetitive ones like Bohemian Rhapsody. I find my eyes widen again and again while listening to Bohemian Rhapsody. I knew the lyrics and I thought it was supposed to be a sad song before I was able to hear but when I heard it, it gave more than just sad feelings. It made me feel like I was sort of floating in air. This is actually like a drug. I don't know why. Most of the times I find myself frozen as I listen to the sounds.

Edit 2: Dad and the kind gentleman who gave us the hearing aid showed me how to count the beats. They told me to hit the table along with them when the loudest shortest sound happened and showed me how to dance with the loudest sound. I had no idea dancing to the song would be this fast haha. Now I'm dancing. I thought I was supposed to feel happy while dancing but I feel like I'm riding the waves in the ocean while dancing with the music. It's more than the happy feeling. I feel sleepy and happy at the same time when the music is playing. Is this how it's supposed to feel when you hear the music while you dance?

Edit 3: Holy shit holy shit. I just got back from dancing. I'm listening to all the songs one by one and it just continues to shake my heart. I watched the Equilibrium movie and I always wanted to feel how it must have felt like when I saw Christian Bale in that scene where he heard the music. And I got gold from /u/Subliminal_Image and silver from an anonymous stranger even though I hadn't used Reddit much! Thank you thank you! I listened to Canon In D as recommended by most Redditors and my sister. The music without singers sounds totally different from the ones where the singers sing.

Edit 4: I understand the edits that thank the people who gave gold, silver etc might be frowned upon on Reddit but I just wanted to thank /u/DD2253 for giving me the Pineapple award and the anonymous users who gave me gold and silver awards. I wonder what this award does! :D If I could donate this award to somebody else I'd like to donate it.

Edit 5: I saw the comments which said they wished they could hear the songs they liked for the first time again. No idea why I'm tearing up reading them even after dancing happily with the songs. I am going to listen to all those songs and reply how I felt as I heard them for the first time. Maybe this is the least I could do for the awesome comments. 

Edit 6: My brother told me to listen to acapellas which was just the singer singing so that I could separately hear what people sounded like when they sang. It's actually different from symphonies. It's harder to process but it gives similar feelings.
.
I just realized I could let the shower warm up before stepping in
I'm 28. The girl I was wkth wanted to take a shower together. "Why dont you wait for it to warm up?"  I stared back at her, a million thoughts running through my head. I feel so stupid, I couldn't enjoy the rest of the night. I has no answer for her, and I always hated showers. Today I stood and waited for the shower to heat up for the first time, and it was great! 

I dont know. Have you ever done something...this dumb? I'm working on my masters and I feel like such a dumbass
.
I’m taking my ex-wife and her husband on vacation.
I’m going to try to make this short:

My ex-wife and I were married for seven years. We had three children. We got divorced over nine years ago. The first year was rough—like any divorce. Both of us had to find our place in the world. We never used the kids as a weapon, and both of us made sure equal custody was never in danger. So, things were amicable. 

We have an autistic son. His behavior in school and at home became so awful that we blamed ourselves. Our relationship got better because we were trying to figure out where we were going wrong. Her husband and I had multiple theories, but she knew the source was school. She hid an old iPhone in his backpack and recorded audio from the day. Short version: he was hit multiple times and tormented by a teacher’s aide all day. 

We went to war with the school. There were a lot of late nights trying to determine what to do. This was five years ago. 

Five years ago, she also had a baby with her husband. Her husband came to my house soon after and said, “It must have been tough seeing a guy move in with your kids. I don’t think I understood that until I had my own kid. 

Last year, they asked me to be their child’s godfather. 

The most common reaction to this—“That’s weird.”

He’s a mechanic and takes care of my car. We’re both musicians, so we play together often. I keep their kiddo for them whenever he doesn’t want to be separated from his siblings. Etc., etc., etc. 

That’s the basic rundown of our relationship over the last nine years. 


I was very fortunate to get a side gig this summer that pays very well. My kids have never been on vacation. My ex-wife’s husband have never been on a plane. None of them have ever left the country. So I bought tickets for everyone to Rome the week of Christmas.

EDIT: 

1. I will post the entire deal with my son soon. 
2. Thanks for the positivity in the comments.

Edit 2: 

There is no romantic involvement between my ex and I. I have been in a relationship for a year.

Edit 3:

I get it! I am a “LOW IQ N***** CUCK” 

Say it all you want in the comments, but I’ve seriously deleted over 20 PMs from these pathetic losers.

[My Son’s Story](https://www.reddit.com/r/CasualConversation/comments/cenc00/my_autistic_son_was_abused_by_a_teachers_aide/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app)
.
So... I've been a Redditor for 10 years now today.. I've literally visited this site nearly every day for the past 10 years.
Also: 
I am a woman 

I am black woman

I am a middle aged black woman 


In all these years I can count on one hand the number of times I've revealed all three of these at once. Revealing each one individually already has the propensity to bring the worst Redditors to the table. I can't begin to tell you the names I've been called or the hurtful stereotypes I was expected to defend or debate because I revealed my gender, race or age over the past decade on Reddit. 

But I never engage with those seeking to attack or debate due to the reveal..as wasting my time fighting a faceless battle on the internet with some jackwagon that feels powerful because they are able to hide behind their keyboard is pretty stupid to me!

But don't get me wrong.. the past decade on Reddit hasn't been all bad. Not way! I developed a phenomenal friendship offline with a Redditor in my city after selling concert tickets to her .. she's now one of my dearest friends.  

Also, I live in this city without my family. Several years ago I found myself in an abusive relationship during a pretty low, lonely and emotionally trying period of my life. I was an emotional zombie due to the sudden death of my mother and the professional struggles I encountered while trying to stabilize myself professionally and assimilate to a (less diverse) new city where I knew no one. After many doors being slammed in my face professionally, being alone, I gave up on myself and invited the wrong man into my life, putting myself in a worse situation. 

Long story short.. Something in me finally clicked and I gained the strength to walk out. (The previous week, I'd been in the hospital as I'd "fallen" down a flight of stairs). The firefighters that showed up knew something was wrong but I was afraid to tell them what was going on and what had happened. Yeah, he pushed me. 

But on this night, I grabbed my little dog, my car keys and my wallet..got into my car and sped away. I had no plan. For some reason, that night I posted on Reddit..scared, tired, confused, emotionally drained and broken. Several Redditors in my area came to my rescue..both men and women, offering me lodging for the night, to come and meet me for coffee, numbers to community resources and more, so much help. I rented a room at a Motel 6.. and met a Redditor for coffee, she chatted with me until the sun came up and continued to check in on me the following day. I moved one week later into the very comfortable home of friend of hers that needed a roommate. I had no job at the time, I was on unemployment and had a severance from the company that had laid me off previously (that was quickly dwindling as I'd turned to alcohol after my mothers death). 

I found new employment soon after moving in with her and I know the patience, trust and the offer of a stable home and safe space I so desperately needed during that dark phase of my life was the springboard I needed to believe in myself again and get back to the life I deserved to live. The kindness will never ever be forgotten as long as I live as I shudder when I think of where I could have ended up as the depression, alcoholism and bad choices had me in their grasp. 

7 years later.. my life is drastically different. I am back on the path of living the quality life I lived prior to moms death. I am stable, financially and mentally. I've a phenomenal career and want for absolutely nothing. But man oh man, that was a bad night, I was on a horrible path and those Redditors were there for me. No judgement, just a desire to help in any way they could. 

So while Reddit has changed a lot over the past decade, one thing that hasn't changed is that there are still Redditors on this site that truly care about their fellow human beings that Reddit alongside them. I guess thats why after a decade... this feisty middle aged chocolate girl (that doesn't look a day over 25.. I promise.. ha ha) is still happily Redditing. :-) 

It's been an interesting 10 years... wonder what the next 10 will be like? 

Thanks for reading my little ramble.. 
Aloha and Thanks Reddit. 


UPDATE:  Holy guacamole guys.. Thank you so much for all the love and the beautiful comments. And I've been gilded??? I can't even right now. I'm so emotional right now y'all.., dammit Reddit is the tits! Y'all are some cool people out there. Keep on being awesome!!!  

And thank you for making my 10th Reddit Bday so damned memorable. 
.
My Hulu account was hacked a few months back, and I let it go because the people who were using it didn't change anything on it. They only watched stuff. And then this happened:
I knowingly had people on my Hulu account who I didn't recognize. I was too lazy to fix it only because all they did was watch stuff I'd never watch. There were 4 different unknown devices using my account. Then two days ago, a 5th one showed up and changed my email, password, and account settings to add on everything you can add on. My next charge was supposed to be $50+ a month. I had the $11.99 package. 

I caught it and fixed everything. So good going, 5th guy. You ruined free Hulu with no ads for 4 other people because you got greedy. And shout out to the hackers of my account who didn't change anything of mine for a few months. Just because you're a "bad" guy doesn't mean you have to be a bad guy. To the guy who was watching Daria on it, sorry you couldn't finish. I saw how far you were getting the entire time. To the guy who had the device "andy's iphone," maybe change the name of your device because I think I know what your first name is. But anyway, you're a cool guy. To the 5th guy, you're a moron. You got too greedy too quick. Fuck you. You shoulda just used me to watch Hulu without the live tv thing. I woulda had no issues with it.

To Hulu, please add a two factor authentication option to accounts. Thanks.
.
My 18yo foster son just learned that he is getting a 100% free ride to a 4-year college. First in his family to ever go to college. I am so, so proud of him.
Due to the limitations of foster care, I cannot identify him, or post his name or picture on social media. So, I won't \- but man, do I want to. I want to shout it from the rooftops. He's breaking the cycle of poverty. He is more likely to have children that go to college. For now he wants to do mechanical engineering, and he's already into robotics and 3D printing. He's going to kill it.

Join me in celebrating tonight. Raise a glass to the rare, *rare* foster kid that makes it out OK. He's got 4 younger siblings that get to watch him set the pace. He's going to be their hero.

\*Edit\* Didn't mean for this to be self\-congratulatory if it comes across that way. My wife and I have been in this boy's life for only about 6 months. 100&#37; of the credit goes to him and him alone, I'm just happy to be here to support him.

\*Edit 2\* Reddit Gold? 2,000 up doots and climbing? I was always worried that my top post would be some silly cat video. Glad it was something nice about my kid instead. Yay internet, you rock.

\*Edit 3\* I've read every single reply up to this point, and tried to comment when I thought I could provide value. Thank you all so very much for the kind words. Both of my teens will be reading this post and your advice, congratulations, and other kind words will hit their mark. I am tired now and want to get back to an awesome weekend with the family \- we are attending a film shoot thanks to a different reddit post about my other foster kid from a few months ago! Please continue to spread good thoughts and if you can, help a foster kid get into school. Killer Mike is speaking about a different topic that affects young people, but he's spot on, [get them educated](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JhudugDROn0).
.
Just got an email from a mom I used to nanny for when I was in college. Her teenage son just complained about Dino checked nuggets. “They don’t taste like they used to, and there are no Dino eggs!!!”
I “homemade” them in the food processor with chicken thighs, broccoli, cream cheese and a little cheddar cheese. Then used cookie cutters to make Dino shapes (he was in kindergarten at the time, and as we only did homemade food, he was jealous of his classmates!), dipped them in egg and coating and baked them. I used to make “egg” shapes with the leftovers and always put one in each freezer bag that would then be his school lunch. 

I’m so freaking happy that he loved his homemade chicken Dino nuggets so much that he missed them into his teenage years. I sent mom and him the recipe. He replied with “I think I’ll make these but only as eggs”. It put a huge smile on my face.
.
I'm glad that the eclipse today finally gave America a reason to talk about something positive for a change
Probably the first time in years that all of America, if just for a few hours, didn't argue about politics and beliefs, and just looked up at the sky with wonder and awe. I think that's just beautiful and worth noting.
.
Why is this so hard??
I am not "new" to Reddit but, new to posting on here (just the last few months). I just want to do a damn snack exchange but need 600 Karma to post there!! I am not begging for karma here, I am legitimately asking HOW to do this??? I gift a lot of pizzas in random acts of pizza, I try to comment on threads I feel like I have something to add or say, but OMG it's been like 5 months and 17 gifted pizzas and still not to 600!!! Shit, I have even given 10 gold's to people! Please tell me the secret!!! I am desperately wanting to do a snack exchange :)
.
Today , I was high AF and I asked my mom (involuntary) how she's doing and her face lit up.
Pretty much what the title says. I was back from an evening session and I just went into the kitchen for something I didn't remember and while I was going back to my room I just casually asked her "Hey mom , are you fine ?". She out on the purest smile and she said " Yeah son , just making you you're favorite dinner". I rarely ask her about her day because I'm a dumb idiot but today I was glad I did and hope I make this a daily thing :)

Edit - I'm just glad that this thread made a few people call their moms and that makes me so happy. Love y'all ❤️

Edit - I'm even more glad to know that all the mommas are appreciating this thread and us kids. Love y'all even more ❤️

Edit - Sorry , last one I promise but I don't wanna ignore the dads. They're awesome too ! Here's to loving them ❤️
.
I am a girl and was shamed for lifting weights.
These two guys were talking to me about me lifting weights and drinking protein shakes. One of them is obese which makes this even more... interesting. They said men don't want musuclar girls. I just said "Oh I'm not doing this for men, I'm doing this for myself". They immediately shut up.

I didn't raise my voice and kept my cool. That was an achievement for me. :) 

Girls, keep calm and lift on.

Edit:Thank you all for all the kind words! You guys gave me the boost I needed. I really really appreciate all the comments.

Edit 2: I know this is gonna be so cliche and pisses people of (Sorry) but thank you for the stranger who gave me platinum!
.
Anyone else just hate how drinking alcohol is a norm?
This probably has been said before but I feel like I need to reiterate it. The fact that alcohol is pushed into our faces by: making it a cultural norm to celebrate your first drink the day you turn legal age, having excessive amounts of pubs/bars in the middle of town, advertising liquor on magazines, billboards, bathrooms, etc., people bragging about how much they can drink and or talk about how cool it is to be blackout drunk and getting wAsTeD, it’s truly disgusting and I’m disappointed in society for it. I understand that alcohol can be controlled at a mature level but almost all adults cannot control their liquor which leads to alcoholism, family issues, damage to physical and mental health and so much more issues down the road. I’m not going to be on my high horse because I have admittedly drank too much plenty of times and or purposely went over my limit due to my poor drinking choices and the alcohol increases more poor choices. Anyways, I hate myself because it’s been only giving me negative outcomes, never positive. I just wish alcohol wasn’t a norm and it was more of a niche thing, as if it was something that people weren’t talking about how drunk they got on the weekend or how stupid they acted on alcohol.
.
This post is a boy appreciation post
That's right, this post? Right here? I'mma about to appreciate boys on it. Had you seen one? Had you seen how cute those motherfuckers are? I bet you did, because if you are here, you are like me and love seeing guys doing average normal things.

Like when then put their hands on their pockets, damn I love when they do that. Or when they do that thing with the hair, when they run their fingers through their hair? Hell yeah that's awesome. And when they take theirs shirt off in that unique guy way? Damn, my heart almost makes the Slipknot drummer look like the keyboard cat. I love how simple and practical they are.

Chubby boys, skinny boys, buff boys, tall boys, short boys, white boys, black boys, asian boys, trans boys you name it, they are all cute in their own ways. If you are reading this and you are a boy, you better feel appreciated, because you, my dude you are handsome.

Don't let anyone tell you otherwise.

Edit: I wanna thanks everyone for the comments and messages it's been really sweet, unfortunately I have to sleep but I will keep reading them tomorrow, even if this take me the entire day.

Edit²: This post keeps getting bigger and bigger, and I'm really glad for it. I'll keep reading the comments and the messages through the day. I don't know if it will eventually become so big that I won't be able, but I'll keep trying.

Final Edit: So far I think I was able to read all the comments. Unfortunately, I have a pretty shitty data plan, and won't be able to continue. But I want to say that it's been a emotional rollercoaster reading through it. 

Overall, I'm really happy and truly glad for all the messages I've got. I hope I was able to answer every single one of them until now. And for the ones that will come, I'll keep answering them when I have the chance.

Thanks for the dudes, and also for the girls who shared their opinions about all those beautiful boys.

I hope you all had a great day.
I wish you all a great year, and a great life.
Be well, every single one of you.
.
Today two little girls sweetly played with my son at the splash park. He has autism, he’s nonverbal and makes “odd” sounds and motions. Most kids walk away and ignore him as soon as they don’t get a standard interaction. They asked questions and continued to interact! Made my whole week!
I can’t tell you how awesome it was! They splashed him, called him by his name, and didn’t run away when he did his “dance.” You’d have to see it but when he’s happy he does this jumping motion like a little dance. His happiest sound is like Fonzies’s “AYYY” on repeat. They asked me lots of questions about him and listened to my answers. I explained that his brain works differently than theirs. They were so undaunted and didn’t act uncomfortable or afraid (a lot of kids do.) He doesn’t have any friends and that’s ok. I just don’t want kids to actively shun him. He has fun splashing too! They’ll never know how they warmed my heart, but now you do! Wherever they are now, I hope they’ll remember what they were told today and I hope they never change.

EDIT: Oh wow! I’ve seen so many people say it before but now it’s my turn... I went to sleep and this blew up! I am so shocked and gratified that our happy little moment made so many strangers smile!! I’m going to try and respond to each comment over time, you guys really surprised me here with all the love ❤️
.
Dear America, stop putting laugh tracks in your shows.
It's literally in every single one of your shows that I've ever seen. It's worn out, and doesn't add anything. If a character says something funny, the audience should recognise this and laugh themselves, not be told when to laugh by some basic laugh track.

I can't think of a single UK show that has a laugh track, and they're all great shows. Take Little Britain, it doesn't need them, but the US version has them. It's just pointless.

Sincerely, someone from the UK.

Edit: HOLY MOLY! I went to sleep and now this! Thank you so much kind stranger for the Gold, first award ever in 90k karma!
.
I’m getting laid off and my last day is Halloween. We’re allowed to wear costumes at work, so I am going as a homeless person
The higher ups decided my position was not necessary, so I got cut. I’m pretty terrified, but trying to stay positive. Humour is a coping mechanism right? 

So I’ll be going as a homeless person, complete with a hobo stick, cardboard sign, and 5 o’clock shadow. Any other ideas? Maybe I’ll get a tin can and donate the proceeds to the local shelter? Maybe too much. 




Edit:
Wow, came home from said job, opened up Reddit and holy poop. Thank you for your kind words and empathy, and for your comments that made me laugh on an otherwise shitty day. 


To everyone who is in a similar position to me, I hope that new doors and opportunities open up for you, and that you have friends & family to support you. After a particularly bad year, this quote from Bojack Horseman getting me through it all:


“Okay. Carolyn, you are the star of a movie. This is the part of the movie where you get your heart broken. Where the world tests you, and people treat you like shit. But it has to happen this way. Otherwise, the end of the movie, when you get everything you want, won’t feel as rewarding. There are assholes out there, but in the end, they don’t matter. Because this movie’s not about them. It’s never been about them.”
“All this time, the movie’s been about you.”

Bleep bop bloop beep bleep. Thanks again everyone for making me smile :)
.
I was recently told that the man I donated stem cells to has made a full recovery from leukemia.
This is most likely the biggest achievement in my 24 years on this planet. Just knowing that I could make a difference for someone out there. Feelsgoodman
.
After two years living in "the bad neighborhood" I've overcome some prejudices I didn't know I had.
My gf and I were both living off our savings while looking for a rental, which opened us up to living in areas we might not have otherwise considered. We found a massive, beautiful, recently remodeled townhouse well within our budget and half a mile from the office I had just gotten hired at. 

We had both mostly lived in middle-class suburbs before. The week we moved in, there was a murder at the gas station located at the entrance of our neighborhood. This area was always "the bad part of town" in my mind and in the minds of my peers. When people asked where we lived, we named the interstate exit and never our street. 

The first week I lived there, I was considering putting bars on the lower level windows. I nearly jumped out of my skin one night when I heard footsteps in the woods behind the house. I was almost ready to run inside to grab a knife when a fat, trash eating possum waddled by. "Phew! I thought you might be a crackhead," I'll never admit to thinking. 

After two years, I've come to realize that I don't live in a bad neighborhood. It's just a not-mostly-white and low-income neighborhood. I have neighbors of every color and we all wave at each other, talk, laugh, and get along. 

If I forget to take my trash out on trash day, my next door neighbor often does it for me. That shit never happened in the suburbs. There's a stray cat that has gained about 5 kitty pounds recently because me and both the houses next to me have been feeding the little shit. That's pretty cool and neighborly. 

Last Friday my gf and I were out back at 3am. We heard a rustling in the woods. Soon after a tall, shadowy figure of a black man appeared. No panic was felt. I have since learned that it could be a possum or it could be a homeless person. I've had many nights where a homeless person comes walking through the woods and we get to talking and hanging out. Sometimes I share my booze with them, sometimes I share some food, and on a couple occasions I give them a blanket and let them sleep on my lawn chair. So when a shadowy figure of a black man appeared at 3am, I didn't panic. Instead I called out, "hey, Too Tall? That you?!" It was him. 

So, the prejudice I have overcome isn't color based like you might have assumed. It was class based. I no longer immediately equate low income with dangerous and ignorant. 

This might be a little heavy for this sub, but I can't think of a better place to talk about this without it turning into a shit show. So, please, share your thoughts. I just renewed my lease another two years. 
.
Today I found out my house spider Tom cheated on me.
So several time ago I found a spider (which was actually a daddy long legs) hanging under the handrail in my room. I usually hate spiders, but instead of giving in to my hatred or saving him, I thought it would be pretty cool to have a SpiderBro hangin around in my apartment. Thus, I decided to keep him and name him Tom.

This is where the drama started. He was shy at first, and his webskills were "not the best" (which is a blatant euphemism). Also, I don't think he was the smartest of his kind, since he was hangin in a place that probably wouldn't catch a lot. As I already connected with him on a super deep level and wanted to show him how much I care, I threw some moths (which I hate passionately) into his lousy excuse of a web. After some time, he turned to my gifts, and I was content that I could contribute to his happiness with my love.

The next morning I found the moths on the floor. Confused and ignoring the obvious red flag, I threw them into his web again. In addition to that and some point later, I killed a wasp without squishing it too much, and it took me several attempts to make it stick in those few threads he could manage to tangle up. As I said, his webskills sucked. Again he turned to it at some point and I found joy seeing how he sucked the life out of that dude.

However, the next morning, the wasp was lying on the floor. This is where I should have drawn the line. The second red flag. Instead, I took some attempts to give it back, which was not easy, since Tom is a complete imbecile. I tended to my business as usual afterwards and carefully touched the wasp from time to time to let him know that he can eat again.

The next morning he was gone. Just gone. Nothing. Not even weaving me goodbye. I was pretty sad but thought he probably needed something else in his life. So I moved on, as hard as it was.

Today I chilled on my balcony, reminiscing about my life choices. And guess who I found, just on the other side of the window. Yes. A daddy long legs, hangin around innocently in the corner of the other side of the handrail. Just outside.

I feel betrayed. Heartbroken. There he was. I knew it could only be him, since his web has caught less than the amount of fucks everybody gave about him before I took him in. I guess he needed to move on.

Fuck you Tom. I hope all you catch is low protein.

PS: I rested my head next to him while sitting outside to show him I still exist in the whole magnificence of my passive aggression, but he just ignored me. Fuck you, Tom.

&nbsp;

Edit: Silver? I will vigorously flaunt these newfound riches to let Tom know that he could have been part of great wealth! Thank you kind stranger!

&nbsp;

Edit 2: That's my first gold, good gracious, thank you! I think Tom starts to realize what he's missing out on, cause I just checked on him and he was all upside-down.

&nbsp;

Update: After waking up today, I felt strangely free. Your support really helped me in these dark times, and I think I've reached the point where I can say: I'm over you, Tom. When I checked on him this morning, I felt like a survivor. 
Also, yesterday I saw a silverfish. He was even more shy than Tom and almost instantly tried to hide, which was kind of cute. Who knows what happens. Keeping it casual this time.
.
I know Fergie probably isn't a Redditor, but just in case she sees this:
Yes, her rendition of the National Anthem was... not great. But I feel like the people of the internet forget celebrities are people, too, and they're being really harsh.


There was a Reddit confession from am anonymous A-lister a few months ago where the gal talked about reading through the malicious comments about her on social media and getting more and more depressed. The post was eventually locked because people kept trying to guess who she was. (Many people seem to think it was Kim Kardashian.)


That post really hit me, because she was venting that she was so depressed because of this internet bullying that the only reason she hadn't committed suicide was because of her family and kids.


So, not knowing where else to post this, I just wanted to say that while Fergie may not have done a great job singing the anthem, she's still a human being with real emotions. People need to take a chillaxative and quit being so harsh over something so relatively inconsequential.

Just because someone is famous, or just because you've never met them, doesn't make it any less serious or hateful to bash on them. It's still bullying.

I guess I'm just venting because people *reeaally* like to jump on the bashing bandwagon and I'm sick of it. That is all.


 **Edit:** Hello, all. This definitely got more of a response than I was expecting, and while I'd love to respond to everyone, I have some things to do, so in a mass response to everyone:

- Thank you to all the lovely people who took part in this post, whether for or against this opinion. I'm happy this started a good discussion.

- I understand that it's Fergie's job to sing and whatnot, but someone doing a bad job at something almost never justifies treating them like garbage. (Unless someone started a nuclear war or killed an entire family or something; by all means, rip away at 'em.) As with everything in life, there is definitely a gray area, and you are more than welcome to have a differing opinion - I just don't want to be a person that adds any more heartache to the world than necessary. There is already enough of that.

- Obligatory "Thanks for the gold, kind stranger!"

Okay, that's all I've got for now. Have a nice day, everybody.


**Edit 2:** Okay, I know I have stuff to do, but lots of people are commenting stuff along the lines of, "Well, she gets paid a lot of money, so it doesn't really matter."

Well, here's my reply I made to one of those commenters:

>Well, I can agree that her life is definitely financially easier than the majority of our lives. 

>However, there's a reason the phrase "money can't buy happiness" exists.

>Money solves the physical problems - better healthcare, better food, better clothes, better cars, and so on.

>Still, while the "landscape" is different, the base problems are still the same - fear of death, humiliation, depression, jealousy, frustration, et cetera.

>That's what makes us human - those feelings, those fears, those desires.

>All I'm saying is, let's not forget that people like her are people, too. The entertainment industry, while financially lucrative, is extremely emotionally taxing.


.
I adopted a teenage boy update.
Hello, my name is Jack. I'm sorry I haven't updated in 2 months. I am a 50 year old man who was never able to conceive with my wife. We really wanted to adopt but were unable to due to financial issues until recently. 



As you may know [we adopted a 15 year old boy named Jonathan.](https://www.reddit.com/r/CasualConversation/comments/74x3rq/i_adopted_a_teenage_boy/) He has been dealing with depression, anxiety, anger issues, PTSD, and an eating disorder. 


So what's changed since two months ago when we had recently adopted him? 


For starters, Jonathan was kicked out of yet another school quickly for fighting (the school he had been in before we adopted him but only for like a couple months) so we decided to put Jonathan in a special school for troubled youth. 


Although it's a very slow process and he still skips class and gets in fights this school is definitely doing some good. They focus on how to fit into the world, mental health, anger management, all stuff relevant to Jonathan's life.


Jonathan still smokes. I found text messages on his phone between him and another boy about a drug transaction. The drug in question was oxycodone. I asked him (in a pub casually so that he felt relaxed and not pressured) why he wanted this drug; opiates, while providing pain relief, can be very addictive and dangerous.


 He basically told me that his pain and trauma are bigger than anything pot and cigarettes could help with. I told him its a very bad idea to buy opiates off the street and if he is looking for help all he needs to do is ask and we will try to help best we can. So, I scheduled an appointment with the doctor. He agreed not to go through with the transaction so I told him I was proud of him and I swear he smiled a little bit.


As you may of remembered, Jonathan since meeting him has been extremely aggressive. I was prepared to take this on since the moment I met him as I am much taller and bigger than him. I was, however, a bit afraid for my wife. Well, Jonathan has thrown things at me and attempted to hit me and such many, many times since I met him but he has never tried to hurt my wife at all and for that I see he is a good boy and he can live a normal, happy life eventually if he can get passed all the trauma in his life.


Well I signed him up for boxing early on and gave him a punching bag and that helped at the beginning, although he was still very aggressive. Lot's of these issues that come with adopted children take nothing but time and care and support to resolve and two months later Jonathan, while still aggressive, is getting better every day. 



In the two months since I originally posted, he has stopped freaking out every day. He still gets mad everyday but not freak out-throw things-scream mad, just mad. The freakouts i'd say come about once a week now which is a huge improvement.



We still go to the pub once a week which he has always really enjoyed. I think one of the things with Jonathan is he likes to be treated as an equal. 


Jonathan speaks more than he used to. This is a great achievement because in my orignal post he just got angry or was silent but in these past two months he has started to speak more. Sometimes just random things like 'have you read this article in the newspaper'. 


It's a slow process but it's really awesome seeing Jonathan progress further and further as time goes on. I believe he can get through this all and move towards a bright future.



Edit: I forgot to mention the eating. Yeah, it is still as much of a challenge to get Jonathan to eat as it was 2 months ago when I made the original post unfortunately. 
.
I learned about "TL;DR" from reddit and used it in a really long work email, now everyone in the company is doing it too.
A couple weeks ago, I had to send a super long email to our president explaining a situation that happened at work. It was super thorough and had lots of attachments and numbers and other boring stuff. He's a super busy dude and assuming he wanted to know what happened and involve who he need to who would review the finer points, so I added a "TL;DR" and put the quick, two-sentence synopsis at the end.

A couple hours go by and he calls me and ask what the heck "tillder" means. I explained that because the email was so long, I added the short "too long; didn't read" for him so he'd get the picture without having to read the entire narrative. He thought it was awesome and ended up forwarding the email to the entire company explaining "tillder" and now everyone is using it.

TL;DR: I sent the company president an email with "TL;DR" in it and he thought it was cool and now everyone else uses it.
.
Hi today I turn 18 and everybody forgot
Pretty much the title, everybody forgot my 18th birthday, my family/friends everyone. It would really help if you all shared your worst birthday stories to top mine.  
Edit : I am reading each and every story but its taking me some time, so pls dont mind if I dont reply to you but remember I have read your comment.
.
Yesterday I went to a kids birthday party.. And was shocked that I was the only one who came.
For context, I'm 20 and he just turned 13. We know eachother through our parents. We usually play minecraft or other games when he's over. He's hyperactive and goes to a special school.
At first, I didn't want to stay long, mostly because I thought there would be friends his age. I was shocked when he told me that all his friends cancelled at the last moment, so I decided to stay and play games with him till late night. I could tell that he was quite happy that I came.

I don't regret going now. I can't imagine him having to blow the birthday candles alone.

EDIT: Thank you all for your wonderfull comments.
.
I kissed my best friend last night and I couldn't be happier.
I've known this girl for a couple years now and we've always been really close. We met in residence in our first year of university and now in our third I live right across the street from her, so we see each other everyday. I've never been closer/more open with anyone else, but I never imagined her in a romantic context (even though everyone who knows us has told me we should date). Well, I did, but wouldn't admit it to myself.

Anyway, she recently broke up with her long-term boyfriend and since then we've been spending even more time together. I sorta took notice but didn't do or say anything different because I didn't imagine she thought of me that way and also she just got out of a break-up, so obviously she just wants company. 

But last night coming home from bar trivia she comes over as she normally does to have another drink and listen to music. We're both half-falling asleep and half-cuddling when she puts on this song that I absolutely love. Something just clicked in my head then and I lean in to kiss her.

Turns out we've both been crushing on each other for years. We stayed up all night laughing at ourselves in between kisses. It's fantastic feeling, being with a girl you already know you love. I've been smiling all day and I just had to tell someone. 

Thanks for hearing me out, reddit. Sending good vibes your way. 


**Edit** Thank you all for the well wishes and support. I'm glad that you can enjoy this as much as I am (well, probably not as much as me, but in the neighborhood). You guys are the best. 

**Edit 2** Gold! Thank you very much, stranger. Super happy that this story brightened people's days and got them to reminisce. It makes a great feeling even better. 
.
I won 8 figures in the lottery.
(Not the powerball. It's low 8 figures but still life-changing) .  

A few months ago I was at a gas station to fill up my car and bought a few groceries in their shop. I remember the total was just under $10 so I thought I'd take a single quick pick to avoid getting back the small change.   

Fast forward to this week, I'm about to sell my car and  get my belongings out of it. I check the sun visor and see the lotto ticket I had already forgotten about tucked in behind some other receipts.   

Checked the ticket online, entered the number and there it was, all numbers correct.  This happened on Tuesday evening, I called the lottery on Wednesday - the wait for their hotline to open in the morning was the longest time ever - to confirm that my ticket was indeed the winner. Haven't left the house in three days and barely slept - I look like a drug addict now lol.    
Today they sent over a representative to collect the ticket. Now it's confirmed, even if the rep loses it, they still have to pay out.   

I have no real friends so the only people I told is my immediate family. Both my mom and my dad had a less than stellar upbringing and parenting and we have no contact with our shitty extended family for a variety of reasons.   
 
They always stuck by my side and supported me even when I fucked up and disappointed them. They were/are the best parents I could imagine and now it's finally time to give back.      

I opted for a self-imposed 'cooldown' period for a couple of weeks until the winnings are paid so as to figure out what do do exactly and how to proceed.   
I don't plan on telling anyone else besides my parents and my sibling.       

**EDIT:**    
Wow thanks for the platinum, gold & silver guys I have to admit I'm honestly floored right now, I can't stop smiling. Not because of the win but because of all the positivity, the nice replies and the encouragements.   
I initially didn't want to post on reddit because I felt it was braggy and in your face.   
I genuinely just wanted to share this because - as I said - I don't really have anyone to talk about this besides my immediate family.   
Anyways, I'm glad I did and thanks for all the heartfelt messages - this community is really awesome :D    
   

**EDIT 2:**     
After this took off I want to add some clarifications because it has been brought up numerous times.    
I'll collect the winnings anonymously, I'm already aware of the tax cut and I will get fiduciary advisors.   
I have set up a couple of meetings with different banks and law/investment firms that specialize in wealth management, generational wealth, setting up trusts and all that. All of them work independently from each other and thus have no conflict of interest.     






.
Just got accepted onto a PhD programme and have no one to tell
I’m usually really hard on myself so I’m struggling to recognise the hard work that’s gone into getting this far. It would be nice for someone to say they’re proud of me I guess

Edit: thank you so so SO much everyone, this response has been incredible! I’m trying my best to read and reply to everyone because it really does mean the world to me but they’re coming in faster than I can type (which is fantastic!). Thank you all!
.
My 17 year old son made me so proud today. We've been struggling financially this year and his school clothing budget was half of what it would usually be. I was feeling really bad about it, but...
He checked all the sales, even going back and forth to different stores to compare prices. He got everything he needed, and saved a small portion so we could have lunch together after. When I apologized for not being able to afford as much this year, he cracked a joke, then said "Mom, I see how hard you and Dad are trying. I'm thankful for what you were able to give me and just wish I could help out." We had such a nice day together, I went from feeling awful and like a shit parent to feeling so proud and loved.
.
I cried last night after my sister told me that our friend’s daughter talked about me all day because I played with her in the pool
I’ve never held a child in my life - I’m always afraid that I’m going to do something wrong, like pick them up too fast or drop them. I’m not sure where this fear originated but it’s so severe, I haven’t ever played with kids (except when I was a kid, obviously). Also, my own childhood was rocky so I’ve never really trusted myself to be able to handle something as important and precious as a child.

Two days ago, an old friend of mine and her husband brought their daughter to our apartment complex to swim. Their daughter is only 3 years old and I kept my distance for a while. Then she wanted me to catch her as she jumped (very small height from a concrete step inside the pool). I couldn’t say no so I just made myself catch her. 

We spent hours in that pool and she just kept… trusting me, 100%. I even had her grab onto my shoulders and I swam across the top of the water with her. It was endlessly fun and I felt just full of this childhood joy I haven’t felt in so long. 

Yesterday, my sister tells me that our friend’s husband had sent her a message on Facebook. He told her that their daughter had so much fun and couldn’t stop talking about us, but especially me. Me! I’m tearing up just writing this. I just have this whole new outlook on life now for some reason and I can’t stop smiling about it.

EDIT: Um, wow! I went to sleep with around 10 upvotes and y’all skyrocketed this to nearly 10,000! So many comments, too 😅 I’m going to try my hardest to reply to each and every one of you! Also, I know Reddit gets annoyed by this, but I really do want to thank those who gave me silver / gold. I totally didn’t anticipate this, but wow!
.
I just learned what "see you" "not if I see you first" means
I feel stupid. I always thought it was just kind of a joke. But I was watching Downton Abbey and it was used in what i now realize is the actual meaning. If A says "see you" and B says "not if I see you first", B is implying that upon seeing A, B will get the hell out of there so they wont have to interact.

Is this common knowledge that I was just a total idiot in missing?

Edit: okay good, I definitely wasn't the only person who didn't realize this
.
I get A LOT of calls from older people thinking I’m AT&T. It annoyed me at first, but now it’s one of my favorite things.
I have had my same cell number for 13 years. In the last two years, I have started to receive a ton of calls asking to speak to customer service/AT&T. In the beginning, I was super annoyed and I thought someone was prank calling me. I started to pay attention to the calls and I realized that it was always senior citizens (but never the same one). 

One day a lady left a lengthy voicemail for her doctor. She shared a lot of information and she desperately needed a reply. I felt horrible for her, so I called her back. I wanted her to know that she had called the wrong number. I did not want her to be waiting for a reply from her doctor that would never come (assuming that was the only call she made). She told me about how her husband had recently died and how he had been “the one who knew how to use the Internet.” She told me she was using a phone book from the 90s and it was very hard to read, even with her glasses. So I looked up her doctor’s number and sent her on her way. She was very grateful and it made me feel happy to help her. 

When the next call came, I did the same thing. I explained to this man that I didn’t work for AT&T, but I could give him the correct number. He thanked me and we had a casual conversation about how technology has changed so much in his lifetime. He told me about his childhood and that if someone had told him at age 10 that he’d be carrying a computer around in his hand someday, he would have punched them in the nose. Firstly because he didn’t know what a computer was, and, secondly, because, “that’s impossible.”  

I’ve continued to answer the calls and I’ve done the most random stuff for people. I’ve helped them order pizza online, I’ve looked up numbers for them, I’ve given restaurant recommendations based off my experiences and other experiences on Yelp, etc. Every single one of these people have been grateful for the help, and they’ve always wanted to chat a little longer. 

A lot of them have told me that once you get older, people don’t visit as much. They said they lose a lot of people, they become immobile, and the younger folks in their lives don’t have time to come see them as often as they would like. Because of this weird glitch, I have started a tradition of taking my kid to senior living homes every Christmas. We bake cookies, we spend the day there just chatting with folks, and then we go about our day. It’s not nearly enough, but I feel like we make a tiny difference. When he gets older and isn’t such a handful (not a toddler), I hope we can visit more often. 

My husband and I have done research to find what number these people are trying to call, but we haven’t found anything close. Neither has AT&T. It’s a mystery, but I’ll keep answering my calls. I love it.

Tl;dr: I get a lot of phone calls from random senior citizens who think they’re dialing AT&T’s customer service line. I used to get mad, but now I answer and help them however I can. It’s become one of my very favorite things. 

Edit: HOLY COW! I had no clue this would blow up like it did. Thank you so much for the gold, kind strangers! And thank you to everyone who stopped by and read my post. I wrote it last night when I couldn’t fall asleep, and I really never expected anyone to read it, haha. I’m trying to go through and reply to everyone. After all, I came for some casual conversation - it’s just taking me a little longer than I expected. You guys are great, I love your stories, please keep sharing them! My heart is so full today.

PS I feel like I should take the time to really encourage you to visit a local nursing home or call your older loved ones. There are so many wonderful people there and they’re full of so much information. It’s like talking to a real life history book. I promise you won’t regret it!

Have a super day, Reddit!

Edit 2: Wowza. I am so grateful for everyone sharing their stories with me. I’m trying to reply to everyone, but I’m just not as fast as you guys. I’ll keep replying, but it might take me a little while. I’ve got a toddler and he’s not understanding how cool this is! He’d rather just play cars. Thanks again for the gold and silver, kind strangers! You guys are the best. 
.
This Year For Halloween, Please Be Considerate To Teenagers Out Trick-Or-Treating
Hello, I’m Phoenix and I’m 16 years old. I will be trick or treating this year as I do every year because I love doing it, love candy, and love chaperoning for my younger siblings. 


In the past two years when I’ve gone trick or treating, I’ve always gotten the side eye or some adults telling me I was too old to be out. Not in a joking way either- just telling me I had no business being out trick or treating. 


I’m on the shorter side and depending on lighting I can look older or younger than I am. I’ve had many people tell me I look older than I am and some people telling me I look younger. But that’s not my point.


You never know why someone is out trick or treating. You never know if it’s their favorite holiday, if their home life is stable, if they’re chaperoning, if they’ve had anything to eat that day, etc etc. 


So please, if you buy candy to give out for trick or treaters, be prepared to give it to anyone who comes to your door in costume and saying trick or treat. I don’t care if it’s a four year old or a grown adult. It’s one night of the year and typically lasts from anywhere from two to four hours. 


I’m not asking you to go out and buy the whole supermarket. Just buy what you want and give it to whoever. I’m also not asking you to give entire buckets to people. Just be considerate - who cares if a teenager comes to your door? They could be out drinking or smoking, as is what Happens at most Halloween parties. Instead they’re doing something harmless and safe. 


You don’t have to be extremely kind, but please be *considerate*. 


Thank you, and have a wonderful Halloween.
.
My dad drove four hours from NYC to Boston to deliver me soup because I had a bad day
I found out that my job’s contract will not be renewed for next year on Friday. It was a wild year with a crazy admin who makes a lot of cuts so while it wasn’t the biggest surprise, it was still upsetting. Ended up crying to both parents on the phone, mostly my mom. Towards the end I said something like “ugh, I really want Panera soup, but they don’t deliver and I cannot fathom driving 20 minutes there and back right now.” (It was a long day for multiple reasons, and I love Panera‘s creamy tomato soup as comfort food that fits my gluten free needs!) I ordered other food that night and thought I’d treat myself to soup another day.

Saturday at around 1 PM I get a call. “Hey, it’s Dad. I know I should have called to make sure it was okay, but I’m here. Outside of your apartment building. I picked up some Panera but I’m happy to drop it off and leave. I just know you wanted soup.”

I obviously welcomed him upstairs and he stayed the night. Turns out his plan was to drop it off with my doorman, and text me saying he ordered it from Panera and paid an extra $15 for them to make the delivery, so I would have never known he made the drive.

His plan was literally to drive a combined 8+ hours from NYC to Boston and back just to drop off soup and a salad. Because his daughter had a bad day.

My dad rocks.

Edit: thanks for all the love, kind comments, and anecdotes! Totally didn’t expect this to blow up. Made my night to read all of these messages. I teared up at some of your stories. Much love to you all.
.
Dude I'm literally just sitting in my bed with a huge loaf of bread and it's great.
Idk I'm just kinda sitting here and having occasional bites of bread. It's pretty great. I'm also on vacation in North Carolina  and I could go out swimming in my pool but I'm just eating some bread and chilling.

&#x200B;

Edit: just to clarify, this aint no normal bread. This things huge at least a 1 foot 1/2

&#x200B;

Update: I'm half way through eating it.

&#x200B;

Update 2: I have about 5 bites left thought it was appropriate to update. more like 10 but im still close. OK so I WAYY underestimated the amount of bites here it might actually be a little bit.

&#x200B;

Update 3: I am currently on the last bite of bread. It warms my heart that all you guys came to talk, thank you all.

&#x200B;

Update 4: I'm done eating it now, again it warms my heart you all came to talk and listen to my ramblings. It has been a crazy ride my comrades, dasvidaniya!

&#x200B;

Update 7: im trying to upvote everyone because you all cared enough to make a comment

&#x200B;

Update 8: Aight im gonna be gon for like 30 minute behave please

&#x200B;

Update 9: wow i was gone for like an hour i cant believe so many people upvoted my post and several hundred people cared to comment! thank you!!

&#x200B;

Update 10: hi again im sorry for the excessive amount of updates but i just wanna say thanks for talking to me everyone

&#x200B;

update 11: honestly i thought this was just gonna die in new but now i met all these great people, thanks reddit

&#x200B;

update 12: ok wow, thats a lot of people

&#x200B;

update: ok guys please stop giving me things i was literally eating a loaf of bread this has gone too far

&#x200B;

update: not my video but watch it now  [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zZkSyg0X3Pw](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zZkSyg0X3Pw)
.
Today on the bus there was a transgender woman and a lady literally moved seats to not have to sit next to her. So I moved seats to sit next to her. She realized that woman moved seats to avoid her and I could tell she was hurt.
I try to avoid people mostly and don’t talk to anyone much but she was sweet and it blew my mind the close mindedness that still exists and the rude af behavior of people. Just be nice damnit we are all human regardless of what we look like or how we identify.

UPDATE: I just saw her AGAIN at the bus plaza and she gave me hugs and was talking about her day 😆
She was in a great mood, happy she just got some cute shoes at goodwill. Sparkly little sandals
.
My dad gave me the nicest compliment I've ever received.
We were talking about careers, and I told him that I'm not too sure about what I want to do, although I do know that I want to do something that makes the world a better place in some way. My dad, ever thoughtful, paused and responded: "I don't think you should worry about that too much. You already make the world a better place just by being you." 

I love my dad.
.
Today, a man was drinking and blaring his vulgar music on a portable speaker in a packed train and I worked up the courage to ask him to stop that
Which sounds like nothing, but if you've ever been on public transport, you'll know that everyone just tries to avoid causing trouble for themselves by awkwardly/begrudgingly putting up with disruptions.

However, this was wayyy too loud and too vulgar to ignore (was some super trashy and crude rap music). I decided to stop introverting and plucked up the courage to ask him politely to turn his music down.

He swore at me and walked off at the next stop and I thanked him for that, to which he threatened me to watch my back.

I don't care about empty threats and am just proud I did something like that and just wanted to share somewhere. Thanks for reading.

Edit: This, uh, blew up........ thank you for the gold kind strangers!
.
Why is everyone on reddit so rude?
I know it's not literally everyone on reddit but almost every community I go to is full of either rude, harsh, condescending, overly sarcastic/sardonic, exceedingly crass etc comments even about the most innocuous of topics. I don't get it. And I don't think it's just internet anonymity, because having been to many other forums for many various things on the internet, (granted not as large as reddit) and none have this problem. People on other forums still speak as kindly and civilly as they would irl, and they're just as anonymous. It's something different with reddit.

It just feels refreshing to see people engaging kindly with each other here.
.
I just realized that ftfy meant “fixed that for you” and not “fuck that fuck you”
My mind is blown 
Edit: okay well apparently everyone else got it wrong too so

Ftfy 
.
My mom is currently going off on my dad in Spanish. He bought and smoked/is smoking 200 slabs of ribs and a new smoker. It’s hilarious. My dad always goes way overboard with shit like this.
We’re supposed to invite a few neighbors and friends over to eat BBQ tonight. This would be like 50 people including kids and babies AT MOST. Dad apparently spent $3800 on the extra smoker, pans, seasonings, and the ribs themselves. 

He’s like a puppy who peed on the carpet because he knows this was stupid but he’s in too deep now and has to finish cooking the ribs. It’s hilarious because he has this embarrassed little smile on his face and my mother is storming through the house going off on him in Spanish. 


There’s so many ribs I can’t stop laughing. Now he keeps saying he’ll load up the truck and give them to hungry homeless people but my mom knows he’s trying to get in her good graces so she said, “that wasn’t your original plan!” And stormed off again 😂😂

My dad has a history of doing this. He got into woodworking a few years ago and currently has like 20 or so projects at various stages of completion.

I went out to his shop one day a few months back and he was surrounded by sawdust and wood and half done projects. At first it was just quiet because I was surprised at the mess and then he said, “I may have gone overboard with woodworking.”

I love my dad he’s so lovably oafish with certain things. 


**EDIT: if anyone is somewhat near KC, MO and is seriously wanting some ribs, message me. Seriously. We need to get rid of this stuff because we’d need another freezer to store it all lol. This message is approved by my father.**
.
I ran my first 5k but my family wasn't happy for me
So I went to the gym today, I've been a weight lifter for years now and recently just got into cardio.  I got hooked on running and bought some cheap running shoes to try it out before I wanted to commit 100%.  Turns out I like it a whole lot!

I've never done cardio in my life beforehand, just some light boxing and jumping rope but never anything to push myself further.  I've been concerned that my body fat is getting high, I have a bulky build and I'm over the physique.  I wanted to make a change and slim down.  

I walk in the door and I say "I ran my first 5k today!"  My mom looked at me then turned her head away, and my brother and dad didn't even say hi or look in my direction, they blew me off.  My mom brushed me off and said "I do 5 miles on the elyptical".  She doesn't understand that a 5k isnt even 5 miles, it's 3.1 miles.  Also, she doesn't put any resistance when she does it either.  I felt like I set a goal and challenged myself and completed it.

Well here I am, alone in my room after sweating my ass off, so I just wanted to tell reddit I ran my first 5K today and I've never been more proud of myself in years!

Edit:  I want to thank you all for the kind words and replies tonight, I posted this and didn't think it would get nearly this much attention and I'm truly anazed how you guys came together to congratulate me on this accomplishment of mine.  I'm so happy I could share this with you all and I'm more than grateful you returned that happiness with your kind words.  You're all great.  I've read every single comment.

Edit:  Talked with the family, they apologized and wasn't aware how it came off to me.  They were sincerely sorry and didn't understand that I felt happy about my small accomplishment and didn't know I was upset afterwards.  Everything is mended.
.
I hugged the pizza delivery guy. Because he needed it.
So, I ordered a pizza for my wife and myself.  Pretty standard fare.  Delivery guy shows up, it's the wrong order.

Pizza guy was a kid, maybe 20 years old, more likely 18 or 19.   He apologized and left with a glum look on his face.  About twenty minutes later he showed back up with my order and he just looked defeated.  Initially I had planned to give him a 20 and let him keep the change for the tip, but they discounted the order and it was just shy of 10 bucks.  There was a ten spot sitting on the hutch by the front door so I just handed him that and asked him to hang on a second because I knew I have fives in my wallet in the other room.  But I guess he just assumed he wasn't getting a tip when I walked away from the door with the pizza.

The kid walked back to his car while I wasn't looking, I guess he figured he was out of a tip.  I go back to the door and see the kid getting into his car on the street.  So I walk up the drive to the street and wave him back.

"Hey! You're tryin' to leave without your tip!" I yelled to him, but he couldn't really hear me from inside the car so he got out and met me at the top of the drive.  He asks, "Oh, was something else the matter?"

Instead of answering his question I asked him, "What's got you so glum, son?"  Keep in mind, I'm a big guy, with a beard, and a belly and I wear Bermuda shorts in the middle of Texas.  Think Urban Grizzly Adams but a little angrier looking.

The kid was obviously surprised by my question.  But he answered honestly and told me, "I'm from *a small town* East of *this major city* and it's my first month here and it's been a rough couple of weeks."  So, I asked him to go on.

He went on to tell me he missed his parents and his friends, but he was dedicated to his schooling and that it was necessary for him at the time being.  And I said to him, "That's it?" and just kinda left the question floating between us and that's when he says to me, "Well, my boyfriend also broke with me and it's been really tough."  Then he had this look of mortification on his face when he, I guess, realized he just outed himself to a stranger that he didn't know from Adam.

I looked at him and said, "Oh, man, that's rough.  Well, here, you were trying to leave without your tip."

As I was handing him the cash, I said, "C'mere man.", and opened my arms up for a hug.  This kid just threw his face into my chest and hugged me back so hard that I knew in that moment it was the right thing to do.

When the hug ended, not too long, not too short, I held onto his shoulders, looked him in the eyes and told him, "It's going to be okay.  You're young, and feelings can be overwhelming, but keep your chin up and your nose in the books.  Ten years from now you'll have forgotten about what-his-face and you'll be happier and more successful than you can imagine now, especially if you continue to be the honest person I think you are."  Or something like that.

All he said was, "Wow, thank you.", and I turned around and walked back down to my driveway.

[Today I found this on my door.](https://imgur.com/c4j8a)  I guess it meant more to him than I realized.

&#x200B;

&#x200B;

Has anyone else had any encounters like this?  I'd love to hear about it.

&#x200B;

Edit: Holy smokes, this thread blew up while I was sleeping!  I can't respond to everyone, but I am reading all the comments.  I'm glad my story touched so many of you.  Full disclosure, I'm by no means a perfect example of kindness, but I do my best.  My life has been plagued with violence and tragedy, but it's also had it's moments of pure love and joy.  It's those moments I live for.

I have learned, finally, to focus on the things in my life that helped me grow to be a better human being, it took me a long time. I'd like to think that's why this story happened, because I somehow grew into the man I hoped I would one day be.

I am real.  My life has been too real.

And this story is really real.  My wife and I were laughing about it last night before bed, I told her someone said I was trolling and she made some puns that were just... awful.  But I love her still.

Thank you all for your kind words and shared stories.  They all mean a lot to me, really.
.
I gave a guy CPR today
A man collapsed on the train I was travelling to school on this morning. When it happened he was about 10ft away from me. He just slumped onto the floor, and everyone else on the train just stood and looked but took no action. I remembered what I'd read about the bystander effect on Reddit and decided I needed to be the person to act, so I told a woman to call an ambulance and went over to the man on the floor.

He was wearing 5-6 coats (so I am assuming he was homeless) so I ripped them off and tried to find a pulse. After about 30 seconds another woman came over who said she was a nurse and she began talking to the paramedic on the phone while I tried to get a pulse. Couldn't find one so I began chest compressions and not long after the man started to groan and it seemed like he was breathing again. After it was confirmed he was breathing (but was still unconscious) the nurse and I put him in the recovery position and I waited with him till the ambulance came.

I'm only 17 so this was a pretty crazy experience for me. The adrenaline in my body afterwards was so strong I felt like I was on drugs. Sorry if this post was long or formatted badly (I'm on mobile) but I just thought it would be good to write about my experience.
.
Do you ever randomly catch a whiff of a specific smell and immediately think "hey, that's the way it smelled in the spring of 2001 when I was playing Pokemon at my grandma's house"
Obviously this specific memory is just an example but I feel like smells are very particular and can trigger a memory more vividly than any other sense. Also, everytime a new season begins and the smell of the air changes I become very nostalgic and have a rush of memories from that season from various different years.
.
Today my son went to the dentist and got a hair cut
Pretty mundane, right? Well, my dear boy (9) is autistic and while he is high functioning in his day to day life, unfamiliar enviroments can send him into a tailspin. Today was not that day! He got his teeth cleaned, got xrays, went into the 360° xray thing, and had the dentist poke around in his mouth with absolutely 0 problems, Also NO cavities!

Then I asked if he was okay with getting a hair cut and he gave me an enthusiastic "Yep!" I was worried that we were over doing it a tad but he sat through like a champ! The hair dresser even complemented him on his behavior.

After we were done with everything we went and got lunch and I told him how proud I was and he said "Sometimes you just have to power through the stuff you don't like." He looked empowered and confident.

Today was a good day. No tears. No fear. Just powering through the stuff. I'm so stinkin proud of my boy!
.
I've always secretly felt like I was in second place, not quite good enough. Until last night.
I'm 37 and single. I don't have any kids. My sister has a husband and 4 beautiful children. I've always thought it was my responsibility to be there for her, to help wherever I could. "It takes a village" is more than just a motto to me. I help watch the kids, be there financially or emotionally, or whatever is needed. That's just what family does. The kids come spend time at Aunt Lisa's house, hang out, play games, whatever. A few times a week I come over for dinner. I'm at all the soccer games, concerts, fund raisers, or school fairs. They're just part of my life. My sister tells me regularly that she couldn't do it without me. She's super grateful. But still, inside, I've never felt like I was on the same level as her. Like I didn't live up to what I could have been - a wife and mom - so this is the consolation prize. This is my second best place I could help the world. Until last night.

We were talking about Thanksgiving, having it at her place (obviously, since she has so many more people and more room). She said it was weird to think that in 20 years she would have grandkids. If each of the kids were married and had just 2 kids each, that would be another 12 people. She's just always made the assumption that would happen. But then for the first time ever she said - "but that's if they all choose to get married. If not, that's fine. If one of them doesn't, the others would have their own Aunt Lisa, and that's awesome."

Hearing that she thought that was ok for her kids made it all different. Being single and a helper wasn't just a second place fill-in, but an appreciated, important status. It made me feel valued, and I knew that my nieces and nephews would feel valued, no matter what their future holds.

Edit: Thank you all for your support, and for sharing your own stories below. It's amazing to hear how similar we are. Bloom where you are planted! I hope you all have a great day, and please keep commenting. :)
.
They say your late teens are the best time of your life. Actually I think 25 and upwards is the best. That's when you stop leading life to impress or please, and actually start doing things because you want to.
I used to be so scared of aging. Had some sort of mild existential crisis because I was growing old, my skin was getting older, my eyes weren't as youthful and full of energy as they used to be.

But I actually am really starting to feel alive only now that I am 25. I think it's around this time that you stop spending every minute obsessing what people think, how you are seen, how you look, what you do. And actually start making choices because you want to.

You decide who you really want to spend time with, how you want to pass your weekend, what music to listen to, how to dress, what hobbies to choose. It's the time where the peer pressure starts wearing off and you realize all the worries about how you are perceived are in your head.

I spend so many years worrying and agonizing over how I was perceived. Only now I am starting to enjoy my time and stopped being afraid of both time passing and how I decide to spend that time. I have accepted that I don't look super young anymore and that's okay. And that I might not be as full of energy as I was, but that's also okay.

&#x200B;

EDIT: I know, I know people who edit are losers. Just wanted to say, it's so cool to hear all of your experiences and different paths and hear from so many people that their life got steadily better as the decades pass :)
.
Today I saw an introvert trying to step out of his comfort zone
I work in a restaurant at the bar area, we can easily get 100+ reservations so it was a busy day. While I’m making some cocktails I notice this dude by himself looking rly uncomfortable, so after I finish I start to talk to him. He explained to me that he wanted to meet new people and that he is sick of being alone, I was rly impressed coz people like that usually accept it and find ways to enjoy being alone. We continue talking and I introduce him to some of my dailies that I know are rly chill. I have to go back to work so i dont talk to him for a couple of hours but when I look back he is sitting with 5 other people laughing, he looked like he was having the time of his life.
Good on you bro, keep at it!

If you ever feel this way, try doing the same thing he did. It will be a bit uncomfortable at first but when u meet a few people you will relax yourself.
.
Today, 7 years ago, I quit using heroin.
It was the hardest thing I've ever done in my life. I fell in with the wrong people and almost lost my life over it. All it took was using one time and I had to have it as much as possible. I spent my entire paychecks on it until I inevitably quit my job because it was too much to focus on working when all I wanted to do was go get high. I sold most of my belongings just to support my habit. I began stealing things and panhandling for more. I lost my car, and my place of living. I lost all of my friends and respect from my family. I eventually found myself staying in an abandoned house south of Chicago with 3 other addicts. Almost got kidnapped, and overdosed once. I finally had enough and moved in with family over 2 hours away and never looked back. Here I am 7 years later with no relapse in sight. For those of you out there struggling with addiction, it is possible to put it down and walk away. It's not easy, not at all, but it can definitely happen. With the right support, the will to change, and the dedication to stay with it, anything is possible.



[Edit]

Just went on break at work and saw how much traction this has gotten and I have to admit it almost brings me to tears. Thank you everyone for the support and the unbelievably kind words. Also, thank you kind strangers for my first golds and silvers! This means more to me than any of you could ever know! You just made today that much better!

[Edit 2]

Holy cow this post just keeps going! Thank you to everyone for the endless support and sharing your own stories with me, it's been an amazing experience. Thank you so much as well to the kind stranger who awarded me my first platinum! There has been so many sad stories out there of loved ones lost and my heart goes out to you. The same for those who have loved ones who are struggling right now and those that are struggling themselves. On the flip side, many have shared  their own sobriety which warms my heart. Too often we hear of the other outcome and it's always refrshing to hear of others making it out in one piece. I want to thank each one of you for taking time out of your day to celebrate with me, share with me, or ask for my advise. I'm definitely no expert when it comes to advice but I try my best. I hope that each one of you out there that isn't struggling with addiction never does, each person out there that is struggling with addiction finds sobriety, and each person who has found sobriety clings to it for dear life.
.
I lost my hand-holding "virginity" today.
I'm 16, male. My friend and I were at the mall together and she held out her hand and said, "Could you hold this?"  Confused, I took her hand, and BOOM, we were holding hands.  I was so surprised and so happy at the same time! I like her a lot.  :)

Then I realized that I was holding her hand backwards, so I switched hands. Oops. I've never had been in a relationship or anything, so this is just so new and exciting for me.  :)

E:  Awww, my first gold ever! Thank you so much <3
.
I had one of the most intimate experiences of my life, and it was just a conversation.
Last week I was sharing a hostel room with only one other person. He turned off the light to go to sleep, climbed into bed, and then started asking me questions about my life. We talked about our lives, our countries, his divorce, my future, politics, being a woman vs a man traveling, etc. None of it ever crossed the line or made me feel uncomfortable. 

We talked for hours, and I never even saw his face, since there was furniture between us and the lights were off. I think that helped us both be completely honest in our answers and emotions. It was just one of those experiences that will stick with me for a long time. 
.
Met a small girl who had a similar birth mark to mine and cried about it
I was getting ready to check out at the grocery store last week and I (26f) saw this little girl (7f) just kind of minding her own. She had a very timid / shy vibe and I for some reason kept looking at her. 


I realized she had almost the same birthmark that I did, almost in the exact same spot. So I go up to her and kind of squat down to her level and I asked 


“Excuse me miss....is that a birthmark?” 


I can see her father kind of prepare for something mean or rude to come out of my mouth. 


And she kind of whispered “....yeah” 


And I flipped my hair so fast and got super excited and said “OH MY GOSH WE ARE BASICALLY SOUL SISTERS LOOK I HAVE ONE TOO AND IVE ONLY MET ONE OTHER PERSON WITH THE SAME ONE. DO YOU BELIEVE HOW SPECIAL THIS IS? YOURS IS EVEN COOLER THAN MINE!” 


And I watched her face light up like it probably never did before, I saw myself in that little girl when I asked her if that was her birthmark. She was also preparing for me to say something mean. Kids used to tease me up and down over it. Now I hardly notice it but as soon as I got excited and got up close and showed her the left side of my face she was thinking it was cool instead of thinking it was existing to be teased about. 


Her dad stood behind her and mouthed “THANK. YOU” and made a heart with both of his hands and I left. I got to my car and cried. I hope nobody teases her. She had an astronaut toy and she could be in space one day. No need to hurt that brain.



EDIT: you guys! This was an awesome first day on Reddit! I didn’t expect this to blow up but I’m so glad it did! Thank you for letting me share my joy with you all. (I still don’t know what to do with the coins you guys gave me, or how to post a picture of my birthmark!)


DOUBLE EDIT: 


[birthmark pictures!](https://imgur.com/a/VJwafF9)
.
I love Americans, but I'm so sick of America being central to all the media I consume.

I'm not even just talking about the news. Every book I pick up, every show on Netflix, every movie is set in America. I'm just so bored of it. 

Like, what about the rest of Europe? Where's my superhero stories in France? How about some media that focuses on Norway's many folktales?

I'm an Aussie and I never see stories about Australia unless it's some Crocodile Dundee garbage.

I think I'm really frustrated with the lack of cultural variety in media tbh.

EDIT: Okay so to clear some things up, I watch a LOT of films, and yes I watch a lot of foreign stuff in subtitles. I'm sorry it's not clear, but I'm frustrated that the industry is so saturated in American media, not that foreign films don't exist.  A lot of people keep saying, 'just don't watch American stuff' but that's not my point. I'm sick of seeing the overall film industry as 'American media plus a little bit of everything else.'

I appreciate all the recommendations and there's been some really interesting stuff being recommend, and while that's appreciated, that wasn't the point of my post.

And yes, I know anime exits.

EDIT2: I love y'all (except for that random twat who sent me a DM saying I was racist to white people) I've done my best to answer as many of you as I could but it's 3:00am and I'm really tired. I'll get back to y'all in 9 hours.
.
Everybody Wins, You get an upvote.
Give yourself a pat on the back. You made it through yesterday and I just wanna give you a reason to keep going. Upvotes for everyone. Every comment gets one from me.

Thank You for the awards.

Update: I will eventually get to upvoting everyone.
- Alizsé
.
Hobby-based subreddits can be pretty elitist.
Whenever I subscribe to a hobby sub I end up unsubscribing soon after because there's always this mentality that if you're not sinking huge amounts of money into it, then you're doing something bad. I was subscribed to /r/woodworking a few years ago and posted pictures of a wooden box I was making for my then-girlfriend. It was made out of plywood I had laying around my house, and it looked nice. But I got a barrage of downvotes and people saying I didn't give a shit about my girlfriend because I wasn't using nice wood. Sorry, didn't mean to offend you by being broke. And I just unsubscribed from /r/vinyl because people were talking shit after I had the gall to admit I have a cheap record player that I'm ok with for now, until I can afford a better system. These people are sinking $1000 into a setup, and I'm sure it sounds fantastic, but I gotta buy groceries too haha.

Edit: I just started a subreddit called /r/brokehobbies for elitism-free hobbying. Check it out if you're interested! Shoutout to /u/selfassuredcarnivore for giving me the idea!
.
Never told anyone this but...
This is a bit embarrassing, but last winter in my city it was really, really cold. I was young and paying rent and not making a lot, but I'd just been given my tips for the week so I was downtown trying to get Christmas presents. I saw a homeless teenager lying on the sidewalk, and feeling the tips heavy in my pocket I pulled out a $20 bill and handed it to him. He stared at me and said "really?" And I laughed and told him to buy a blanket and kept walking. 
When I left I realized how dumb I was, because I knew it was likely he'd buy drugs or alcohol. However a small part of me thought there was a chance that he'd put it to good use. 
Anyways, the next week I saw the same guy with a brand new fluffy blanket over him. 
I didn't tell my family this or anyone else really because I feel so odd about handing someone $20 like that, especially since they know I'm tight on money myself! But I thought I'd share it here, maybe it'll brighten someone's day :)

Edit: thank you for the gold!! Now I need to figure out what to do with it :)

I'm not really understanding the hate. Even if I was a "karma whore", which I'm not, isn't this at least a break from all the sexual assault news and everything else that's happening? It was something that happened that I haven't told anyone, so I thought I'd post it here! :)

Also apparently I've been featured on r/humblebrag or whatever it's called. If it came across this way, I'm sorry. Like I said, I just wanted to share something positive! 
.
What’s a stereotype that you fit?
For example, I’m pretty old (Soon, I’ll be in my 60s) and I like to do old lady things like sewing and making little sweaters for my grand nieces and nephews. However I am also a  lesbian and I fit the stereotype of being more masculine. (I also really like flannel lol.) My wife on the other hand is very feminine so we sort of fit the stereotype of “femme + butch” lesbian couple. It works though! We are very happy 

I am also Mexican (born and raised here) and I love mariachi music and I love tacos! Lol but really who doesn’t like tacos?

What are some stereotypes you fit? 


Edit: This got a lot more responses then I thought it would! So I’ll add one more

My wife is Aztec, and she does loves corn, a little weed, dancing, ~~sacrificing her enemies to the gods~~, and some cleaning 

.
To the people that I walk by on the street: Thank you.

I’m a black dude who grew up in a very hostile and racist environment as a child, and today I have slight anxiety and identity issues, but I wanted to say:

Thank you to the women who don’t clutch their purses when I walk past.

Thank you to the people that hold the door open for me.

Thank you to the people who stand with me when bigotry and ignorance are thrown my way.

Thank you to the people that show me respect and kindness despite not knowing anything about me.

Thank you for being decent human beings despite the stigmas and stereotypes, it might seem trivial, but I didn’t experience these things as a child, and I’m happy to live in a world where I can simply exist, without sparking fear or hate in people’s hearts.

Sincerely, that one dude you didn’t even notice walking past you :)

EDIT: I never expected this much support and understanding, I’m very much moved by what I’ve seen today. Thank you, much love ❤️
.
I looked up an old friend and I'm shocked at what I found
When I was between the ages of 11 and 15 I attended an art camp in the summer for two weeks. I learned some great skills and met some awesome people. One of my friends (who I had a crush on) was a few years younger than me and we spent every day together. Even in the midst of my socially awkward phase, I was able to find a like-minded individual who enjoyed my company. But unfortunately this was shortly before the days of social media and we didn't keep in contact.

Tonight I was thinking about my past at camp. I remembered him and I wanted to type his name into google and see what popped up. I wasn't expecting anything. And to be honest I barely remembered what he looked like. All I knew was that he was African American and was from Detroit.

So I typed in his name and nothing came up. I then added Detroit along with his name and an article appeared. I clicked on it and I found him. I almost didn't recognize him at first but I knew it was him. And guess what? He got INSANELY good at art and his pieces are beautiful. He also won a $10,000 scholarship for his artwork towards college.

I'm so happy that he pursued his passion. I'm so happy that he stuck with it and didn't give up like I did. I'm so happy he won a scholarship towards college and is on his way to improving his life with something that he loves. I wish I could congratulate him and tell him how proud I am.

Edit: WOW, this blew up which I wasn’t expecting. Thanks for the pineapple friend! Happy I could provide a positive story for others to enjoy 🍍
.
I was reverse catfished on a date...
So, I used to watch that show "catfish" on MTV. Where people act as someone else on dating sites/Facebook and aren't who they really say they are. 
I was on Hinge (dating app) and started talking to a cute guy. We had great conversations and decided to meet up. When he showed up for dinner, he was WAYYYY more attractive than his pictures! He has lost about 45lbs since his pics on his profile and he is gorgeous! We laughed about how he reverse catfished me. We have now been dating 2 weeks and I REALLY REALLY like him. He is kind, caring, remembers little things I tell him and makes me laugh.

Just thought I'd share :)

Update:  1. Last night we went to a Rocketman themed costume contest and won! He made a great Elton and I made a great 1970s groupie!  2. No, this is 100% not an ad for Hinge. I had tried Tinder and Bumble before and didnt find what I was looking for. Downloaded Hinge and met Mr. Handsome Face 1 week later.  3. To all the haters saying women only care about looks, boooooooo. We have a super awesome connection, he makes me laugh, is patient and kind. THATS what matters to me. 4. Yes, I lost 120lbs so we bond over our weightloss journeys. I have sent the 2 page document that I used to shed the weight to several people today and would be happy to send it to anyone thats interested. :) Its just a list of "rules" and a list of what you can/cant eat. Please PM me if you're interested. 

Hope you all have a wonderful weekend!
.
A redditor fed me.
I dont remember his username, but I commented recently a joke about how I'd only eaten a pack of ramen that day. This incredibly generous soul wired me 20 dollars. He said how it would only be one meal. But it won't be. I'm gonna buy groceries with it. It'll probably feed me for nearly a week. I'm so incredibly grateful. 

What's the kindest thing a redditor has ever done for you?


EDIT:  its come to my attention that many people found the user who fed me: u/Allaboutfootball23 

Give him the gold.
.
Does anyone else think folding laundry is one of the most tedious and torturous household tasks??
Seriously, this is agonizing! Plus it takes for-fucking-EVER because I keep finding ways to get distracted because folding the actual laundry is so boring.

EDIT: wow I didn’t expect this to blow up so much! Hands down my most upvoted post ever, thanks guys 

EDIT 2: I should probably clarify that I originally worded this poorly; it’s really the entire act of folding/hanging/putting away laundry in general that I hate 


EDIT 3: Thank you so much for the silver!! 
.
Do you ever drive in the highway for a few hours and another car is in front or behind you going the same speed and when you or they finally go through an exit, you're just like "So long, partner"?
I drive 2 hours in the highway every few weeks and whenever I drive, there is always a car that I follow or they follow me and we never pass each other. When they finally go through an exit or I do, it feels like I just made a friend and makes me sad. Don't know if anyone does this or if it's just me.
.
I just witnessed a girl at the gym turn on the treadmill to the highest setting. She had both feet on the side of the machine while she was on her phone. She did that for about 30-40 minutes without ever running. Then, she left. It was the weirdest thing I've ever seen, what's your take on it?
I'm still puzzled, I don't know why she did that. 
.
Something incredible, yet rather bizarre, has just happened to me. I'm a bit flustered and I just need to tell someone.
OK, I must warn you that this is a long and strange story. Sit down, bust out the popcorn, and prepare to be underwhelmed. 

A year or so ago, I was sitting around watching youtube. I didn't have adblock at the time, so I was watching an ad for the Seat Toca (a car). There was a song in the background of this ad, and I *loved it*. The ad was only about 30 seconds long, but the song was bloody amazing. I was immediately determined to find this song. 

I started watching the ad on repeat, trying to figure out the lyrics so I could google the song and find it (my usual strategy). But nothing turned up. 

People in the comments section were discussing the song; several other people were trying to find it. Someone said it sounded like a guy called Mike something (I can't remember the full name of the artist). So I searched for Mike something, and went through a lot of his discography. But still - no luck. I tried searching his name + the lyrics, but... nothing. 

I tried using shazam. For those who aren't familiar, this is an app that uses the microphone on your phone to identify songs. The idea is that you play the song, turn on the app, and the app will tell you the name and artist of the song. But shazam was bloody hopeless, and couldn't identify the song. I downloaded the app, just for this one song, and deleted it when it failed me. 

At this point, I must admit that I was watching the 30-second ad once or twice a day, just so I could listen to the song, no matter how briefly. 

My next step was to *email the Seat marketing department*. I'm deadly serious, I actually did this. I sent a polite email, asking what the song was called. A few days later, I got a reply. The Seat employee told me that the song was a special commission for this particular ad, and wasn't available for general release. Essentially, it's not a real song, and there's no way to find it. 

I was heartbroken, but also felt a certain sense of closure. I popped back into the youtube comment section, and let everyone know about my findings. I had been keeping my IRL friends updated throughout this entire saga. They found it hilarious, and mocked me for the effort I was expending in order to find this song. I'm the kind of guy who can be very determined - if I want something, I'll put a lot of effort into getting it. This was just another weird project of mine, which unfortunately didn't work out. 

But so it goes. I moved on. I almost forgot about the song.

Fast forward to today, about one year after I originally heard the song. I get a random PM on Reddit. It's from a user I've never spoken to; a user who frequents subreddits that I'm not subscribed to. I have no idea who this person is. 

The PM simply said: 

>Song - Turn the lights down Artist - BSO

This song is on spotify, but not youtube or anywhere else. I made a spotify account, just to hear this song - if a random stranger PMs you a song, you have a duty to listen to it, right?

Well, I think you can all guess where this is going. Yes. Yes. IT'S THE BLOODY SONG! IT'S THE ACTUAL, LEGIT, FULL VERSION OF THE SONG!

I have no idea who that redditor is. I have no idea how they found me, and I have no idea how they knew about that song. I'm fairly sure I never mentioned it on Reddit. I send them a slightly crazed reply; a mix of utter gratitude and utter confusion. My reply read as follows:

>Oh my god. Oh my fucking god. I'm actually freaking out.

>Who are you? How did you know? WHAT IS GOING ON?

>Thank you so much. But also, WHAT THE HELL IS GOING ON

Their response was 

> Shh bby is ok

I shit you not. Never before have I felt such love for a total stranger. 

So, yeah. Wow. This is a pretty huge deal for me. 

For context, [here's the ad that started it all](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hxkWhTrSPVI). The song is called "turn the lights down", by an artist called BSO. The full song isn't actually as great as I had hoped, *but that's not the point!*

Edit - I've just realised that this whole post might be construed as a pathetic attempt at viral marketing for Seat. So I want to state that Seat are a terrible company, their cars are awful, and they are capitalist pigdogs that do not deserve your money. 

Edit2 - [here](http://imgur.com/RX7aea0) is a screenshot of the PM.

Edit3 - last one, I promise. [here](https://i.imgur.com/GAJvnao.png) is the email from Seat. [Here](http://imgur.com/TXs2aNE) is the full unredacted PM conversation (I didn't want to post this until I knew /u/TheVikingHoward was comfortable with it). We're starting to get an idea of what might have happened, but I'm not gonna tell you here because it ruins the story. This is not a marketing campaign, I am not a member of BSO, and I did not fake the whole thing using alt accounts. Shh. 
.
After 10 years of being disabled from brain surgery, I am going on my first job interview today.
I was told after having my left temporal and occipital lobes removed in 2011 that I would most likely never be able to hold a job, let alone raise my children. It was very hard because I had to relearn a lot of things, but I finally started college in 2015. I was on the lowest level possible with classes, so it took me two and a half years without skipping a semester to get my associates degree. I had a 3.1 GPA. I got my Bachelor's degree in just a year and a half, getting a 3.7 GPA. I was able to get my kids back 2 years after surgery and even took in a foster child that I've adopted. So today is a big step for me and I'm very nervous. Can I please get some wishes for good luck?

Update: Thank you everyone for the kind words and message. I am in shock from all of the positive responses. I had my interview a little bit ago and I'm really not sure how I did. I feel like I could have failed it just because I got nervous with words and I did mess some up. However, I'm not going to let this affect me. It just probably means I'm not meant to work there but it's practice for the next job. I won't find out for 2-3 weeks but I'll update as soon as I find out. Thank you guys so much!

Edit: I want to thank everyone from the bottom of my heart for all of the kind words. Even if I don't get this job, I will keep looking instead of giving up. I am very proud of myself for where I am but I am not perfect. I can type better than I can speak unfortunately, and that's a downfall. I'm going to practice though and try my hardest to get better. For those who feel down, don't give up on your dreams. You can do anything you put your mind to! If I could help you, I would!

Update posted on new post today. Thank you everyone for all of the pep talk.
.
My divorce was finalized yesterday and I'm officially a single dad of 4 boys. Took my boys to Chilis and the lady sitting next to us bought us all a Mini Molten after seeing how well behaved my boys are and hearing that they are bilingual.
It was a tough day. A good day though as my relationship was a broken one with my now exwife. But that simple act of kindness helped me smile and be grateful for even the small things. 

Edit: Thank you for the gold my friend. I dedicate it to human kindness. There have been times in my life where I haven't been so kind. Both to myself and to my exwife. (As you can read about if you follow the comments.) Although I am embarrassed by my previous indiscretions, unkindness, my past doesn't have to define my future. I'm excited for a new day and the opportunity to help my boys learn from my mistakes. Thank you everyone for your kind words and well wishes. 
.
I just got adopted. As a 24 year old adult. Life is good.
19 years ago my father met and married my stepmother. They only dated for like 3 months beforehand. My dad used to wear a lot of Hurley tank tops and my stepmom broke the ice by saying “what are you? Some kind of surfer dude?” Outside an AA meeting. 

5 year old me thought she was so cool. She played with me, and she had a dog. She took me to playgrounds and all kinds of fun places. It was amazing. 

It was more than I could ever say about my birth mother. My childhood with her consisted of extreme abuse, neglect, and an unsafe life brought on by her drug use. Spending more than 24 hours locked in a room with my infant siblings was a regular occurrence. My dad fought for custody for years but didn’t get full until I was 5. 

I remember the day I moved in with my stepmom. She showed me what would be my very own bedroom and took me to home depot to pick out what color I wanted to paint it. You would have thought I won the lottery. I jumped in her arms and told her I was never going to leave. I said I would bring my husband too and we would live in my very own blue room lol. 

The following two decades she did everything a mom should do. She came to my plays, stayed up when I was sick, brought me to skating lessons, picked me up from school when I couldn’t get my snow pants off in time and I peed my pants. She came and cheered proudly at my graduations. She’s answered 1,000 of my calls to help me work through problems, be a shoulder to cry on, the first to hear good news, and just to chat. She was even the first to listen to me scream and sob when I found out I became pregnant whilst going through a medical treatment that wouldn’t allow me to carry to term. She’s always been there as an unwavering support for me even on the worst days of my life. 

For her birthday I decided to get her the papers to adopt me and my brother. 

Today we went to the courthouse. Surrounded by friends and family who have gone on this journey with us over the last 20 years. We had a private ceremony with a full room and full of happy tears. 

I’m just so grateful to have her as my mom. She even got me a bracelet with today’s date and “Olet Rakas” (You are loved) inscribed. She thinks of everything. 

Thanks Katri for always being my mom. It feels good to have the paperwork in order. 

tldr: bio mom was a piece of garbage and I was raised since 5 by my wonderful stepmother. Today at 24 she adopted me.

EDIT: Wow y’all are so wholesome. My heart is so filled with love and I can’t even believe how our story has touched y’all enough to comment. Figured I’d spread a little more joy around-

[The moment after the paper was signed by Judge](http://imgur.com/XgCJHLD) 

AND 

[The bracelet ](http://imgur.com/xWJEvEq) 

The other bracelet she gave me for my 7th birthday so you know I’m wearing both until I die. 

Ps thanks for the gold!

EDIT 2: HOLY MOLY PEOPLE. I love this beautiful community. I am going to do my best to reply to all your questions, and I’ve read every comment. Hearing how some of you have been touched with choosing your own families has been incredible. I told my mom about this and she came out from being a lurker so let’s give some love to u/happyfinngirl. 

Lots of people are asking how we did this! I literally just walked into our local courthouse and asked for adoption papers. They gave us a lot of forms, we had to get some things notarized, but overall it was an easy process!

Once again I just can’t believe how touched people are by our story. When it’s your own life it’s hard to picture anyone looking in and saying “wow, that’s amazing!”. Life can be bad, life can be good. Even on our HARDEST days the world is full of loving people and reasons to be grateful. So you know what? My life is amazing. 

I want you all to think about the people that make living worth it. Think about the people that made you the person you are. Tell them you love them today. This world needs us to remember and celebrate the good. 

[Bonus picture of wedding day with all of us!](http://imgur.com/uVrgJjB)
.
I adopted a teenage boy.
I am a 50 year old man. My wife and I were never able to conceive. I wanted to help out a kid in foster care and give them a warm, loving home they otherwise wouldn't be able to get. Unfortunately, adoption takes time and money and we were not able to for some time as our financial state was poor until the last 5 years. 


When we started the adoption process we decided to adopt a teenager instead as they are usually neglected because adults seem to generally want babies/little kids. 


The boy we adopted's name is Jonathan. He is 15. He had been through some tough shit; abuse, neglect, being bounced from foster to home and back again. He was suffering with depression, anger issues, PTSD, and an eating disorder. 


I'll skip the boring process and tell you about what life has been like since we brought him home.


It has not been an easy task. Jonathan smokes alot (which we didn't know). When school started, we got notified that Jonathan was skipping class. We confronted him about it and he just seems to ignore us or tell us its his life so he doesn't care. At first when we adopted him he was cautious because he didn't know how we'd react to things - he thought he might get beat. Now that he knows that won't happen he's gotten more comfortable which is good but he has also gotten more teenage-ish and snipey. 


Jonathan gets into fights. He was sent home the other day for getting into scrap with another student. When we confronted him about it, he told us we weren't his parents and we should stop acting like it. We sent him to his room and basically grounded him. He got angry in his room and started punching the wall. I tried to be as calm as I could and asked him why he was angry. He screamed at me to f-off and tried to throw something at me but I dodged it. I continued to be calm. I told him if he apologized for yelling at me and attempting to hit me with something we could go to the pub and talk through this. After a minute he apologized and off to the pub we went.



He had calmed down a bit by the time we got there and served so I was ready to talk to him. He thought it was pretty cool that I didn't get angry or retaliate. I told him things are different in this house. I told him violence doesn't accomplish anything. After a drink we began to talk. I tried to talk to him about the matter at hand; why he was angry. I got a bit out of him. I won't give out all the details for privacy sake but I did get some useful information from his perspective that helps me understand a bit of what he is going through.


Since then, it's gotten a bit better. Once a week we got to the pub and he tells me some things. We are trying to provide as much support and love and care as we can. The other day he got mad and said we weren't his parents. I said "but we are the ones who care for you". He is a bit secretive which is why the pub thing works well. We are working on trying to get him to control his anger issues; we signed him up for boxing lessons to take it out on a punch bag instead of property. He is enjoying boxing. Getting him to eat is a challenge but we are working on that, too. 



I hope in the next years he can get better towards a bright future. I know this isn't really promoting conversation but I just wanna say if you can afford to adopt please do it. It can really help change  a persons life. 


Edit: wow, gold! thanks! wow again?? really made my night thank you!

Edit 2: since lot's of people want updates i will give you guys updates in the future. 
.
I'm gonna get a meal in to menu in the restaurant I work at
I was super nervous when the chef told me yesterday that he wants to talk to me with the so-chef because I'm new and I can't really keep up yet and I make a fair bit of mistakes.

Today he approached me and told me that a dish I made a few days ago as an experiment was really good and he wants it on the menu.

I  was stoked, half my shift I spent on making it better, he even told me to go buy whatever I need and to take the business credit card.


I got no one really to tell to, but I just wanted to tell someone.


It's my dream to become a chef, I'm a high school dropout and still very young but I'm doing what I love, and today for me was a proof I'm getting places.


Edit: just want to say thanks for all the kind words, really means a lot!
.
I was given my first Father's Day gift yesterday.
My girlfriend is a mother of a beautiful and wonderful 3 year old girl. Yesterday when I woke up I went down stairs to get some coffee and was suspiciously told to wait in the hallway for a period of time. When given the all clear I had my coffee and was given a bag with my gift and a card. The card read," you're not a step dad, you're a dad who stepped up." I cried for so long. So this is an appreciation post for all the fellow step dads out there. Happy (late) Father's Day.
.
I'm married to a walking success story
TL;DR my husband's income just jumped from $65K to $208K, all our dreams are about to come true

&#x200B;

EDIT 1: YES I KNOW THE DIFFERENCE BETWEEN SALARY AND TOTAL COMPENSATION AND HOW BONUSES WORK THERE'S A BREAKDOWN OF HIS PAY AT THE BOTTOM WE DID A LOT OF RESEARCH BEFORE ACCEPTING THE OFFER THANKS

**EDIT 2: Thank you for all of your amazing, kind, supportive comments**

EDIT 3: My husband's resources include [freecodecamp.com](https://freecodecamp.com), udemy, youtube, podcasts, and codecademy but he primarily used FCC. I will try to have him post his specific methods when he has some time!

EDIT 4: explanation of how the bonus works

&#x200B;

Preface by saying we lived in poverty for over a year. My husband was in school, working on his doctorate in organic chemistry (the origin of all our income), and neither of us was in a good place. He dropped out, I quit my job. We lived off his mom's money in a condo that his mom previously paid for. Most months we didn't have enough money for food or gas. We went half a year without car insurance and couldn't renew our registration when the time came, so we drove with illegal tags. We lived in constant fear of getting pulled over and getting a ticket that we couldn't afford to pay, so we basically holed ourselves up and didn't go anywhere for about 8 months.

It was the most depressed I think either of us had ever been. We were in extreme denial that things were okay.

Then we moved to Seattle on a whim and my husband decided he was going to learn programming. He taught himself multiple programming languages and hustled his ass off for half a year. During this time I had to get a full-time job and try to make ends meet. He spent all of his time learning, to the point where I'd get mad at him because we never spent any time together. We were down to the wire with money and constantly fighting and stressing about it.

The time comes where he feels ready to apply for jobs. Applies for two months straight, literally for 8 hours a day. Just sitting at the computer, applying for jobs endlessly.

Finally, someone offers him an interview. It's a small startup. He's been there for about 8 months now. They offered him $65K. We became comfortable. Moved further into the city, had a baby, have all of our expenses covered. But still don't have any real spending money. It's all going to rent, bills, baby expenses, etc.

Three months ago, he decides to start applying for jobs again to try and move up. The startup he's at is going nowhere. The owners have admitted it too. They're on a downward spiral. They also don't appreciate anything my husband has done for the company. On top of that, he works under a control freak who doesn't actually know anything about coding and has horrible time management skills. Oh yeah, and they boasted about "unlimited vacation time" and then gave him *one* ***week*** *off* when our son was born.

Anyway, he was asked to start the interview process at a particular company - one of the largest in the world. Don't think I can explicitly say which one, so we'll call it BigTech. Started the process and went through the first couple of rounds, and passes everything before the in-person interview, and then is rejected. Heartbroken.

A few weeks later, he's contacted by another team from BigTech. They say he did extremely well on the technical interview and can't believe he wasn't asked to come in.

So he sets up the in-person interview. He spends the next 3 weeks studying their principles and doing as much research as he can about BigTech. Back to the old grind of not spending any time with me or our baby, just hustling to do what needs to be done.

The in-person interview is a day of panel interviews totaling 6 hours. He comes home exhausted and spends the entire weekend freaking out about how he did.

Then Monday he got the call.

We were thinking he didn't get the job based on the way the recruiter phrased things in the voicemail. He calls her back and she asks how he thought it went and then gave him an offer. We were thinking it would be somewhere around $150-180K total compensation.

But no. The team said he was a *very* strong candidate and made him an offer of $208K total compensation. Which breaks down to $130K salary, a $70K first-year sign on bonus which will be split evenly in his monthly paychecks (for a total of $200K in income in the first year), and $8K in RSUs (which we're essentially ignoring as we won't see that money for a long time).

Everything we've ever wanted is about to become reality: moving into downtown Seattle, getting rid of our car, being able to hire a babysitter and go on dates, being able to travel, being able to get our dog groomed regularly and send him to doggie daycare so he can interact with other dogs. The honeymoon of our dreams in Disney World. Ugh. I'm just so incredibly proud of him and so grateful for everything he's done. He's a walking success story. Literally taken himself from broke to 1/5 of a million dollars in 2 years.

It's the most surreal feeling.

It's all been worth it.
.
Life is better without Facebook and Instagram
I deactivated my Facebook a couple of months ago and recently I deleted my Instagram app too. (I didn’t fully delete the profiles because they have a lot of pictures on them that I’d never be able to recover otherwise.) I have felt so much better now that I’m not mindlessly scrolling through these sites and trying to show off how great my life is. I spend less time locked on my phone and I feel happier and more confident in general. I even pay more attention to my kids. I just think it’s so narcissistic and sad how obsessed people are with these websites. I don’t want to be one of those people. Has anyone else experienced this?
.
As a millennial, I look forward to senior retirement homes: as kids we played video and board games in each other’s houses. As elderly, we’ll hopefully have regular Smash Brothers or Catan tourneys in our daily actives.
I noticed a post earlier about us being more anti-social with age; which I do completely agree with in my own personal life.  But I think it’s interesting that this is a small thing we COULD look forward to.
.
Me and my best friend have developed the habit of saying "Love you bro" at the end of calls
We've known each other since fourth grade, around ten years now. One day recently we got drunk and I told him that I felt really lonely, like I had nobody else in the world. My parents are the embodiment of r/raisedbynarcissists, and I don't feel any love for them. He told me that no matter what he would always be there, and we spoke in more detail about it the next day on the phone. He ended that call with a "Love you dude" and we've been doing it since then. There's nothing gay about it. Just pure wholesomeness. Felt like sharing that. 😊
.
Do any of you pretend to not know a fact just so the person telling you can feel good for a short while?
Sometimes people tell me facts/ tidbits or other random pieces of information and I pretend that I don't know just so that I don't:

1. Instantly shoot them down by saying "oh yeah I knew that"

2. They can enjoy teaching me something 

I feel like it makes their day a little brighter, especially if somebody with common interests to me tells me something.
.
Two years ago I posted here on my first day of Nursing school. I was a scared, 38 year old stay-at-home mom, and you guys were so kind and supportive. Today, I just found out I PASSED my registration exam. I did it!
Just had to share.  

Have a dream sitting on the shelf?

Stick with it, even when it gets tough. Take one day at a time and put one foot in front of the other. Small beginnings are STILL beginnings.  
.
Shout out to all the guys out there who are actually attracted to black girls
As a black girl in the US, it's pretty annoying and even a bit depressing to know that your demographic is the least sought after. I'm so used to guys (even the ones who are black) saying that black girls are the ugliest/most undesirable girls and that they wouldn't date them. Hell, I haven't even met a guy who actually *preferred* black girls over all other girls. That's one hell of a rarity. It sure as hell makes me think twice about having crushes, because I always assume he'll be yet another one of those guys. So when I see a guy who actually likes black girls, it gives me a bit of hope. I know most people will find this incredibly stupid, but I like seeing it. 

Note: This isn't to mean that attraction to/preference of girls of other races is a bad thing. 
.
2 years ago I was unemployed and incredibly depressed with no idea how I was going to support my 4 children on my own, last year I was 5 months in to my new job and so happy I got a dollar raise and making $14 an hour. Last week I was offered a job making 45k a year.
It might not be much to some people but I had no hope 2 years ago, I was ashamed to go to my daughters school events because I felt like the poor dad. This new job just feels like validation.  
.
A male supervisor asked me if it was okay to hug me!
This is really silly I know but it made me really happy. I love this supervisor he’s got a kid my age and has a real dad vibe.  One time we were both talking with a customer and he grabbed my shoulder( it was for a reason but I can’t remember now) and I flinched hard.

After the customer left he apologized and asked if I was okay.  I don’t like being touched and usually when people learn I don’t like being touched suddenly, they seem to go out of their way to touch me. Because for some reason it’s funny to see me flinch.

My supervisor is a very touchy person but after he learned I didn’t like being touched he was very careful to respect my personal space. On my last day of work though he looked me dead in the eye and asked if it was okay to hug me. 

I’ve rarely been asked if I wanted to be hugged and it was so nice and wholesome. I actually love hugs, I just don’t like being touched without being asked. I’m gonna miss this supervisor.

Like I said it’s so small but it means so much that somebody actually took my discomfort into account and was so nice and respectful


Edit: So people are calling me sexist because I specified my supervisor was a man. I didn’t mention that I’m a girl so it seems like a lot of people made assumptions. I am a girl but even if I were a dude I still wouldn’t want people to touch me.

I didn’t intend for this to be sexists. I don’t  like men or women touching me. This male supervisor actually talked to some of my female associates about boundaries, because they thought just because we were all girls they could be in my space all they want.  It was meant more as a descriptor. So I’m sorry if I offended anybody. 

This was suppose to be a casual conversation, please stop the hate and death threat messages

EDIT 2: Wow, thank you everybody for your kind words. It’s really the small acts of kindness and consideration that stick with you.
.
Today the upvotes have cute little saying attached to them. Try it!
I was just upvoting another comment and it came up with "up up and away". Curious, I hit another upvote and it said: "You have a strange and orange heart"

LOL

Doesn't appear to work on downvotes, you assholes lol

Edit: Doesn't seem to work on all comments, but it's been fun finding the ones that it does.

Edit II:  We have u/itsthesnake to thank for the quote list! Also, a moderator explained that you have to be on old reddit and have "allow subreddit themes" in settings for this to work. It does not work on new reddit because new reddit doesn't have CSS, and it does not work on mobile.  Also, there are other subs that have this fun little quirk. A few that have been mentioned is: Marvel, Game of Thrones and I don't remember the others lol
.
My roommate assaulted me and my girl left me...and I feel amazing?
Title says all. My roomie of 11 months who owes me over 500 dollars threw a glass of milk at my face and kicked me in the stomach. I called the police and they mediated a solution where she signed an agreement to pay me back in full (enforceable through small claims) and then I went to Thailand to see my girl.

She was a German exchange student (I live in LA) and we hit it off immediately. We’ve been separated for months and when we finally met up again she didn’t feel the same and dumped me. But like...I feel amazing.

I feel like I’ve finally cut the fat out of my life. My small business is picking up, my acting career is going amazing (adidas commercial, and over 200 mil views on vids I’ve been in in the last year) and I’m here in Thailand eating my favorite food. I thought I’d be dying about now, but I moved on and am just super happy and grateful for how my life has worked out and I am just so ready to see my friends and get this business making a LOT of money (after I eat all the food I can ram into my belly obvi)

TLDR my life kinda fell apart but i feel better than ever

Edit: I wanted to say thank you to everyone who replied. I never got to talk about this the way I have in the last few hours and its been really helpful to work through it all properly. I really appreciate you all!
.
My job is putting wristbands on people at a museum. My boss says I’m the best wristbander at the place. Here’s all my wristband-related wisdom.
When you’re getting a wristband put on, always put out your wrist with the palm of your hand facing up. That way it won’t stick to your arm hair.

If the adhesive part of the wristband doesn’t align and sticks to you, fold it over.

To take off a wristband, grab the loose part on the interior and pull it in the opposite direction it’s facing, towards the adhesive.

When putting a wristband on a small child, make sure you ask them if it’s too loose/tight. 

As for dealing with a child’s wrist size, you can either wrap the band around the wrist until it fits, or you can make a “whale’s tail” with the band (stick the adhesive strip to the underside of the band so that it fits the wrist and the rest of it will stick straight up). You can either cut off the excess or let it stay depending on the child’s preference.

If you know you will be wristbanding a lot of children, it can be helpful to cut some short in advance so that they’re sized appropriately.

If someone obviously wants to put a wristband on you, don’t try to take it and do it yourself unless you’re confident you can do it. You probably can’t. It’s hard to do one-handed.

When you have a lot of practice wristbanding, you will be able to do it very, very fast. Use the time you save with the application of the band to make sure the adhesive is lined up.

Brace the band against the wrist with your middle fingers while you line up the adhesive with your thumbs and index fingers. 

And finally, every single person makes the joke that it’s like going to the hospital/to the club. You’re not funny or original for that one. Sorry.
.
Given the time it is now, no one will probably see this but I'M GOING TO BE A DADDY!!!
Just found out and I am so happy right now!!


Obligatory edit: Jesus, front page really? I've been a redditor for a few years now and I gotta say I'm overwhelmed by your support (except for that one guy who said he wanted to have sex with my unborn child but hey, internet am I right?). Anyway thanks for the love and I'll make sure in 8/9 months to show my baby off to you guys!
.
My Teens Said They Were Glad I Was Home Today!
I am a divorced mom of 17 and 14 year old boys. So, of course, I work full time, but these boys are my life.

My boys love me, but they want me not around too much. You know how it is at those ages. They're always asking "When do you have to travel overnight for work again? Or go see your sister?" Etc. And when I'm home, you know, they make themselves scarce. I get it. But it's sad for me, too, even though I was most certainly the exact same way as a teen.

Today I had an appointment in the morning and another in the afternoon so I just took the whole day off (a rare thing tbh). I got lunch at a place I don't get to go very often and curled up with a good book I haven't had time to read. 

When my 17 year old got home from school, he came up to my room sat on the edge of my bed, where I was reading, and actually told me about his day!! He kind of had a rough one. So we talked through some of the things that went on and he actually listened and heard me. Then he said,"Mom, you look like you're really enjoying your day off and I'm happy for you. I'm glad you were here to talk to when I got home."

When my 14 year old was about due to get off the bus, I leashed up the dog and walked to the bus stop. Honestly was worried that he'd rip me with "OMG I can't believe you met me at the bus like a kindergartner!! You totally embarrassed me!" But no! He just strolled towards us, let the dog jump on him and lick his face, and I even caught him glancing back towards the bus to to see if any of his buds saw. But it wasn't in embarrassment. It was more like "Look! My dog and mom are awesome!" Then.... he HUGGED ME. Right there on the sidewalk!! We walked home and he said "Mom, I am glad you were home today and it was really cool that you brought Pokey to meet me at the bus stop."

Ooooh..... all this just makes my heart BURST with unspeakable joy!! But honestly, makes me sad, too, because, while I love my career and I think I need to do it for my own mental health, I will never be, and never was, a stay at home mom. I'm single. If I don't work, we don't eat. Period. 

So I had to share what my boys said and for teens or parents out there, see yourself in this post! Even if you don't hear the words from your teen, or say the words to your parents, it's still there deep down. I had one day like this at least. Tomorrow they'll be asking again if I have any overnight trips coming up soon or turning their back and slamming the door on me. And it's OK.

&#x200B;
.
Shoutout to everyone who’s been making progress that no one recognizes because theyre not things you typically mention to others.
Transformation is important and I am proud of every single one of you, no matter how insignificant it may seem. Life is a lesson and you are the independent variable.
.
My boss sent everyone this "parable" today. She sent it meaning it to be inspirational I guess, but to me it is everything that's wrong with the current work culture in America
Today this showed up in my work in-box as an attachment. Everyone in the company was told to read it and "come prepared to the meeting to share your thoughts."

Here it is:

\> There was a young man who had ambitions to work for a company because it paid very well and

was very prestigious. He prepared his résumé and had several interviews. Eventually, he was

given an entry-level position. Then he turned his ambition to his next goal—a supervisor position

that would afford him even greater prestige and more pay. So he completed the tasks he was

given. He came in early some mornings and stayed late so the boss would see him putting in

long hours.

After five years a supervisor position became available. But, to the young man’s great dismay,

another employee, who had only worked for the company for six months, was given the

promotion. The young man was very angry, and he went to his boss and demanded an

explanation.

The wise boss said, “Before I answer your questions, would you do a favor for me?”

“Yes, sure,” said the employee.

“Would you go to the store and buy some oranges? My wife needs them.”

The young man agreed and went to the store. When he returned, the boss asked, “What kind of

oranges did you buy?”

“I don’t know,” the young man answered. “You just said to buy oranges, and these are oranges.

Here they are.”

“How much did they cost?” the boss asked.

“Well, I’m not sure,” was the reply. “You gave me $30. Here is your receipt, and here is your

change.”

“Thank you,” said the boss. “Now, please have a seat and pay careful attention.”

Then the boss called in the employee who had received the promotion and asked him to do the

same job. He readily agreed and went to the store.

When he returned, the boss asked, “What kind of oranges did you buy?”

&#x200B;

“Well,” he replied, “the store had many varieties—there were navel oranges, Valencia oranges,

blood oranges, tangerines, and many others, and I didn’t know which kind to buy. But I

remembered you said your wife needed the oranges, so I called her. She said she was having a

party and that she was going to make orange juice. So I asked the grocer which of all these

oranges would make the best orange juice. He said the Valencia orange was full of very sweet

juice, so that’s what I bought. I dropped them by your home on my way back to the office. Your

wife was very pleased.”

“How much did they cost?” the boss asked.

“Well, that was another problem. I didn’t know how many to buy, so I once again called your wife

and asked her how many guests she was expecting. She said 20. I asked the grocer how many

oranges would be needed to make juice for 20 people, and it was a lot. So, I asked the grocer if

he could give me a quantity discount, and he did! These oranges normally cost 75 cents each,

but I paid only 50 cents. Here is your change and the receipt.”

The boss smiled and said, “Thank you; you may go.”

He looked over at the young man who had been watching. The young man stood up, slumped

his shoulders and said, “I see what you mean,” as he walked dejectedly out of the office.

What was the difference between these two young men? They were both asked to buy oranges,

and they did. You might say that one went the extra mile, or one was more efficient, or one paid

more attention to detail. But the most important difference had to do with real intent rather than

just going through the motions. The first young man was motivated by money, position, and

prestige. The second young man was driven by an intense desire to please his employer and an

inner commitment to be the best employee he could possibly be—and the outcome was obvious.

(Excerpt from: “Living with a Purpose: The Importance of ‘Real Intent.’", Randall L. Ridd)

&#x200B;

I read it and was immediately disgusted for a couple reasons:

1. The boss had this guy working for \*five years\* and never told him he wasn't doing enough work to be promoted? The boss never made his intentions known to this guy. He was obviously a good enough employee to be kept for 5 years, but not good enough to be promoted - you don't think in 5 years the boss could have been like "Yo, you're OK, but you'll never be promoted because I don't feel you do enough extra-curriculars for me."
2. Isn't this implying that the boss values employees going "above and beyond"? That's cool and all, but doesn't this imply that employee #2 was working all this extra work \*without being paid more\*? It's like saying "You've worked here for 5 years but this guy is willing to put in more hours unpaid so he gets the promotion."?
3. Is this how you motivate employees? When someone comes in to ask why they were passed over for promotion you humiliate them? That guy went in early and stayed late, but because his \*intentions\* weren't "driven by an intense desire to please his employer (WTF?)" he is not valued as an employee. If I were that guy I'd be looking for a new job.
4. How does employee #2 have the bosses wife's cell number? That is weird.

&#x200B;

What do you guys think? Am I over reacting?

&#x200B;

Edit 7/10/19 9pm 

Y'all. Y'ALL. The meeting happened and it was \*wild\* 

It turns out the boss sent this out to everyone prompted by a single employee who is leaving for another job. 

The meeting ended with three (count 'em THREE) employees walking out on their jobs. 

I feel like writing the whole story out but I have plans tonight - when I do would it be better to put it as an edit to this post, or start a new one?
.
Does anyone hate when you see a thread that you have a good comment for, but the thread was made 5+ hours ago and your comment feels useless?
This happens to me all the time. I want to comment, but it will just get lost since it's too late and just gets thrown to the bottom of the thread. I hate it lol

Edit: Even though were at and past the 5 hour mark, I don’t consider anyone’s comment useless! This kinda blew up lol
.
I just got a scholarship for the best university in my country and I'm on the freaking moon right now.
My parents were "secretly" stressing about my university tuition and today I got the chance to tell them that I'm one of the 9 chosen out of hundreds who applied for this scholarship. They were ecstatic and extremely proud. I've been keeping it a secret during the entire application process so that I'd surprise them if I got it and not disappoint them if I don't. Thankfully, things worked out perfectly and I gave them one less thing to worry about.
.
Just got an amazing job offer. I've doubled my salary in two years. Oh and I'm a high school dropout with no degree.
I'm so freaking excited. 

I always struggled in school. I've had teachers tell me I was stupid, and classmates tell me I was a waste of space. 

I have my GED and some college credits, not even close to a degree. 

I started working at minimum wage when I was 18 and moved out of the house with no savings and no plan. 

Had three jobs at one point just to make it by. 

I've had shoes thrown at my head by angry customers. I've been yelled at and put down by many more. 

Clawed my way up to $12. 

Negotiated $15 at the next job. 

In January of this year I was offered 40k a year, salaried with benefits. Which I had never had before. 

I've been really unhappy in my current position but didn't want to leave because it was such a huge pay increase from my last one. 

So the past two months I've been looking for jobs and have only been offered positions between $12-15 an hour with no benefits, no PTO, nothing. 

I went on an interview today for a REALLY interesting job with a property management company. The owner hired me on the spot and offered me 50K A YEAR.

WITH BENEFITS. AND EXTRA COMMISSION. 

And has other positions available that I can move up into within a year. 

I am so freaking ridiculously happy. 

Its not nearly as much as some make, but I worked so hard just to get here and spent the last five years wondering if I was capable of ever making a decent living for myself. 

If you're feeling discouraged or like you'll never make it anywhere, I totally get it. But if little old me can do it, YOU CAN DO IT TOO. 

I believe in all of you. Have an amazing night.

*Edits:*

Holy crap I did not expect this to get this much attention. I'm responding to all comments and messages, and I thank you all so much for the amazing response to my spur of the moment post. 

*Why did I drop out?*

I always struggled with the rigid structure of school, and subject wise was very weak in math and often science because of the appearance math made in certain areas of science. 

I did excel in literature and history, and those were always my favorites. However I was often bored in those classes as I had often done my own research or had read the book we were covering two years prior. 

But I was bullied in multiple grades and have constantly struggled with what I now believe is ADHD, which my dad was just diagnosed with. I will be visiting a professional after I transfer jobs to look into this further. 

Fast forward to high school and I loved being in theatre and dance, but that was really the only thing keeping me in school. I often skipped to teach dance classes or left school altogether. 

I had mostly D's and C's except my art electives and English Lit. 

I developed an eating disorder and started self medicating with alcohol and light drug use. By the end of 10th grade my parents found out and worked with me to find counseling. 

I tried going back to school at the beginning of 11th grade but I was just not in a place mentally that I felt like I could make it another two years and get out of high school with my health intact. 

So I talked to my parents about dropping out and they agreed that it was the best thing for me to get my GED and be able to move past this period of my life. 

*Why didn't I go to college?*

After I got my GED, the plan was for me to attend the community college near me to get my degree. 

However, after a couple semesters my parents (who have never been well off) fell deeper into financial issues and could not pay for my classes at all anymore. 

I didn't qualify for financial aid and didn't want to risk taking out loans that I may not be able to pay back. 

So, I applied for jobs for a few weeks but wasn't getting anywhere. All I had on my resume was a cashier job at a roller rink that I had in high school. 

I picked a shopping center near my house, and walked around handing out my resume, practically begging people to hire me. And someone did, so I got my first full time job making minimum wage at a retail store doing tuxedo rentals. 

I moved into someone's spare room that graciously didn't make me leave a deposit and that I could rent month to month. 

*So how did you swing this, exactly?*

My best advice is to out work everyone. 

It fucking sucks when you know you're working for less money than you deserve, believe me I have been there. 

However, you won't learn to do new things unless you do the new things. 

At my first job, in between doing my actual job I was on the sales floor even though I wasn't being paid to be there. 

I kept track of my numbers, and routinely out sold the actual salespeople. 

So when I applied to my next job, I had those numbers that spoke for me. So the next person was willing to take a chance on me that they may have not been willing to take had I shown up without proof that I had some skills. 

I've reorganized stock rooms, researched visual merchandising to help slow items sell better, I've spend hours watching YouTube videos about how to improve closing ratios. 

I have also redesigned client info forms, learned how to design websites, how to run ads, how to create a successful social media presence and more. 

You will feel like you're working too hard. You are. But it's only because you get to show that to the next person that will hire you and eventually you'll be so valuable that people will offer you more money without batting an eye. 

*What's this new job?*

Its client relations and marketing with a property management company. I can make commission by setting appointments for the on site property managers in addition to my salary. 

But mostly I'll be handling marketing and social media, working with the on site employees to get qualified leads  of interested renters. 

I will also be trained by the owner for a better role in asset management that I can move to next year and after that I can move again to being an on site property manager or another role within the company.

*"Oh well you just got lucky, thanks for bragging."*

To that I say... think whatever you want. 

I didn't come here to brag. I made this post in a moment of excitement because I'm proud of what I accomplished. 

If you want to see it as bragging, go right ahead.

I'm fully aware that others are in far worse situations than I have ever witnessed. I have been fortunate to have an encouraging family that I will always be grateful for. 

I have never faced homelessness or crippling debt or major illness or disability. 

I know full well that there are horrible struggles that I could never imagine and people that have suffered unspeakable things. 

I have been exceptionally lucky in that regard, absolutely. 

But I don't think that discounts what I have worked my ass off to achieve. And I'm not here to have a competition over "who has it worse in life." Someone is always at more of a disadvantage than I was. 

But in my life I have witnessed first hand people that have not given up even when people told them they should. 

I have known a woman who escaped a horribly abusive relationship with her three kids. She lived on food stamps, and my family would watch her kids while she worked late nights bartending while also working a day job and getting her degree so she could move ahead. 

I watched my mom who has a chronic illness since 14 that didn't have an effective treatment that would allow her to keep a stable job until the last decade, go to nursing school, get her degree in two years and work her way up from a CNA to a nurse and was recruited earlier this year for an amazing position in a renowned hospital across the country. 

My grandparents moved here from Cuba with no money, had family members killed in the process, they didn't speak any English. They came to this country and started selling water and flowers on the street, and eventually started a successful real estate company.

I believe that you can do it, even if you don't believe it yourself. And not because of what I have done, but because I have seen with my own eyes, with my own family and friends, the incredible things that people are capable of.

*More edits*

I'm a lady, not a sir, just to clear up the confusion in the comments haha

Also if any of you lovely commenters would like to speak at more length, just send me a message! It may take me the next few days to get back to you as I've gotten such an overwhelming response to this post, but I'm happy to talk with you.
.
Until I started driving, I didn't even know I was seeing the world differently.
It all started when I started to drive. I was 26 when I got my Learners (I know but I just didn't feel ready, okay?) Anyway, when I started driving with my instructor - I noticed something with my eyes.

I noticed that I couldn't see the road signs until I was right on top of them. And other cars looked different too. I just couldn't understand WHY.

So I went to get my eyes tested at my local optometrist. He tested me for AN HOUR! Looking at different things, reading different lines on the chart and switching eyes and doing it again. He seemed puzzled but intrigued. At the end of the appointment he had results - good news was my vision was perfect. How can there be bad news if my vision was fine? The bad news? Apparently, I wasn't seeing with both eyes!

He sent me to a specialist. The specialist tested my vision for all of five minutes before he had the same result. I wasn't seeing with both eyes. What did this mean? The specialist asked if I had suffered any injuries to my head when I was little - I said no but that I did have an operation on my eye when I was a newborn.

(I was born 16 weeks early, one of my eyes was turned in and I needed an operation to fix it. While it was fixed, the surgeon did too good of a job, he made the muscels in the back of my eye too tight. Or something like that. Thus, my condition.)

The specialist said I have a condition called Monocular Vision. It basically means that I'm not seeing with both eyes - I see with my right eye mostly (the one that got operated on) and then when that eye gets tired, I switch to the left eye without me even knowing I'm doing it.

The specialist asked me some questions: do I have trouble walking down stairs? How was my balance? Did I fall over a lot? Did things LOOK flat?

I thought back to my childhood, yes I did fall down stairs a lot. I always had to hold my mums hand or the railing when going both up and down. When I wanted to put something on the bench, I would miss it a lot.

This is because I have poor depth perception and I can't see in 3D very well. The specialist said that growing up, I would have found ways to deal with my condition without knowing.
I realised that colour was very important to me. I thought it was just because I liked colour but no. Example: if I wanted to put an envelope on the table and the table was blue, I would look at the colours of everything else around the table and say in my head (Okay, the table is blue. Just reach out and drop the envelope when it's touching the blue.) And that's just how I have learnt to deal with it.

By looking at the colours. Judging distance is hard but again, I try and use colours. The red car is bigger than the grey lamp post, when I pass the red car, I'll reach the lamp post.

Sorry I'm not good at explaining it. I knock things over when I'm not paying attention and fall down stairs when I have to look up at something while I'm going down. I look for the lines of each edge of the step.

I didn't know I was seeing the world differently until I got diagnosed. Seeing in 3D must be fun for all of you normal sighted people!
.
Today I found a little girl lost in a crowded enormous park, and found her parents.
I spotted a little girl, about 2 years old, crying alone in shock and running around a fountain, looking around. I've lost my parents many times when I was a kid, and each was more terrifying than the previous, I immediately knew she was looking for her parents.
I approached her and she was clearly terrified of me, so I guided her to a bench nearby with as little physical contact as possible. I started asking around if they lost a child and got people's attention. People gathered around but nobody was willing to go search the mother, it's a gigantic park with tons of people around. I left her in care of an old lady who was really concerned, and moved around asking questions. People actually talked about seeing a crying mother looking for her child, so I made for the last direction they saw her going. I ended up finding her almost near the edge of the park, around 300 meters away from the kid. She had her daughter who was crying her eyes out, and her (presumably) old mother with her who guided her around, because I could see the mother was slowly giving up hope and was stalling around like a zombie when I reached her. I can't describe their faces when I told them that I found their kid and she was safe. The grandma was laughing with joy, but the mother was crying silently but looked extremely relieved.
I was surprised how far I came searching for her parents when I was guiding them to the kid. After painfully slow minutes we reached the lost child and she had around her a lot more people, and the rest was a really sweet wholesome scenery.
'Twas a good day.
.
I've been depressed for a few years, but this weekend I followed through on my self-promise to clean my house and told myself I'd clean my car today, and I DID. I'm not looking for validation, just wanted to say that it helps to accomplish small self-goals if anyone else is struggling.
I still have a long way to go and had an especially rough night, but I had a good feeling when I got home in my clean car and was able to put my things down on my clean counter. It almost feels like I'm living a better person's life.

To caveat: I wasn't living with rotting food or anything, just avoiding organizing, and still unpacking after 5 months. 
.
Honestly, I just wish it was socially acceptable to wear a cape/cloak all the time.
I love cloaks/capes!

From warm wool cloaks to flowy CGI superhero capes, I just want to wear them all the time.

I want to walk down the sidewalk in a breeze and feel awesome as my cape/cloak billows in my wake.

I often fantasize  about standing before an army of foes, drawing my sword from it's scabbard, and charging forward in just a glorious flourish of capes, leading my imagined army into wondrous battle.

But I feel like I can't even wear a cloak without feeling like a weirdo. Maybe if I was braver I'd wear one anyway, but alas, turns out I'm not as brave as I am in my fantasies.

&#x200B;

Edit: Oh my gosh, thank you so much for my first ever gold, and thank you everyone for supporting my first ever post all the way to the front page and encouraging me to just wear a cloak anyway!

Because of you kind redditors and your encouragement, I've officially bought my first cloak from [The Dark Knight Armory](https://www.darkknightarmoury.com/aaron-canvas-cloak) I'm also going to look into making my own very soon.

I never imagined that so many people just wanted to wear capes/cloaks like me. So, if you're seeing this post and you want to wear a cape/cloak, just do it! I'm not gonna let my fear stop me anymore.

Edit 2: Here's a list of some of the places people have linked me to get cloaks/capes from, for anyone who is interested in buying one.

[The Dark Knight Armory](https://www.darkknightarmoury.com/aaron-canvas-cloak)

[hmoon.com](https://hmoon.com/)

[Avalon](https://avaloncloaks.co.uk/)

[Armstreet Armory](https://armstreet.com/store/?gclid=CjwKCAjw0tHoBRBhEiwAvP1GFeFNMSPXLb8IR9ZLKg8FoQr-LMCK0eTc4LKRDxf5tdkcHUeeqax3YhoCjkYQAvD_BwE)

&#x200B;

Edit 3: Hey everyone! I got some requests to make a sub, so I made r/capeandcloakcrusaders.

 Now we cape/cloak lovers have a community to share our love of flowy and billowy outerwear! 

Thank you guys for all the  positivity  and support. You guys are awesome.
.
Today I was stalked by a guy in the dollar store...
I (32F) was in the dollar store and some guy seemed to be following my daughter and I around quite closely. I thought it was just coincidence and that he needed to get around us or something, so I said, “Okay kiddo, come over here!” to my little girl and stood back a bit. The guy gets a surprised look on his face as soon as he hears my voice, looks over at me, and says “Oh!” and immediately turns around and heads back the other way. 

I hear voices from an aisle over as the guy, embarrassed, explains to his girlfriend that he had been following around some other lady that he thought was her. She burst out laughing and said, “HAHAHA! That poor chick! She probably wondered why the creeper was stalking her!” 

😂 🤷🏻‍♀️
.
Anyone else wish we could just take a food pill and not worry about eating all day?
Trust me, I like food. Food is good.

But I waste so much damn time getting it, making it, eating it, and cleaning after.

I have to go to the store every couple days for a couple hours, cook an hour a day at least, and take an hour eating.

I would save so much time if I could just take a pill and not worry about it.

What are y’all thoughts?
.
Dudes. We see you. We appreciate you.
As a woman, I’ve been feeling like men don’t get enough love. Especially in this day and age, with all the sexism that goes on. But I KNOW there are guys with good hearts out there, and if you’re not getting the appreciation you deserve, then I’ll say it. I appreciate you. Because at the end of the day, every individual makes an impact on the world. And if you’re doing your part to be a good person in this world , then thank you. 

And just a reminder. Many guys experience abuse from women, and it gets overlooked. If you’re a man who’s experiencing that, don’t let anyone put you through that. Know your worth, and remember that just because you’re a guy, doesn’t mean you don’t deserve respect. Respect goes both ways.

EDIT: I used the word feminism and it was misunderstood. My apologies.

EDIT: wording

EDIT: Thanks so much for the golds and silvers <3. I’m so glad that so many of you were touched by this post. I know that nobody is perfect, but keep being your awesome selves.
.
As someone from a Third World Country, USA never ceases to amaze me
Hi there, I'm from Mexico, I wouldn't call myself poor or anything

i've been to USA at least 20 times (I'm 19 yrs old) and damn it literally never ceases to amaze me

In Mexico we see only mexicans really, some people look good, some other nah, and some average, but everyone's well, mexican

Now I LOVE seeing black people, asian people, indian, white people, muslim people, I LOVE seeing the diversity here, it's refreshing and awesome

I personally feel more attracted to whiter women (not racist AT ALL, I'm open to anything but I just tend to feel more attraction towards them than other races , and in just a day I've seen more 10's than in my town in 3 years

I love how modern everything is , how every single restaurant has mobile orders & pickups,

In Mexico AT&T is just a mobile carrier, in USA it is a TV provider, wifi provider, mobile carrier, and even a TV chain with specials and AT&T exclusives what the hell?? Comcast doesn't even exist in Mexico, Starbucks menu in Mexico is like 1/4 of the menu in America, Dairy Queen only offers ice cream in Mexico, while in USA it sells hamburgers & nuggets & fries and has a mobile app for odering food & picking it up!


The houses are so beautiful in America, the roads are so smooth and driving is soooo easy and nice to do here

In summary your country looks like a capitalist dream, a nice place with beautiful houses, beautiful roads, moden cities & beautiful and diverse people while our country looks like it's constantly trying to look like that, having success in some areas, and failing MISERABLY in a lot of other areas
In general, I love how modern everything is and the overall vibe here every place has 


AC if it's hot outside or hot AC if it's cold outside 



I'm just so happy to be here and shocked with every single modern amenities offered here!!

.
I have PTSD and successfully calmed myself down using a technique I learned in therapy.
My traumatic event happened a year ago, so I’ve been diagnosed with PTSD for ~6 months.

Currently, the common spot for sudden trauma-related freak-outs is the shower.

Where my event happened, it was crowded and the temperatures were extreme and kept fluctuating. Just like the shower. (Usually I feel like I can go into details but I feel my heart beating a little bit scared so onto the recovery)

I frantically jumped out of the shower and went straight to get myself a glass of water. I took deep breaths in and out.

At first I tried to process the frantic emotions coming but I realized that my brain couldn’t do that. It would have to calm down and therefore I would need to distract myself.

Still breathing, I found five things in my bathroom that were red. A shampoo cap, the cup I grabbed, my brother’s toothpaste, the plunger, a towel... then moved onto Orange, then Yellow...

Eventually, my breathing was back to normal. I wanted to cry. I had never done anything like that before. It was so hard but I did it.
.
Am I the only one who upvotes everything here just to see what the orange floating thingies say every time?
Do y'all not like it too? It's nice and heartwarming!
.
My daughter just asked if I was alive in 1989.
I was!  


She was doing some school work and said, "there was an earthquake in San Francisco then".  


I told her that not only was I alive then, I was \*in\* that earthquake, and school was cancelled for several days afterward, and we had no power, either.  


Was kinda cool to be able to give her a firsthand account of a "historical" event like that, but also kinda made me feel old.  


Anyone else even been a living part of history?
.
I gave a hug to a client earlier and it absolutely crushed me.
I work at a veterinary hospital. I went outside to take a walk on my break. It’s sunny out, a little too humid for my tastes but I walk anyway, playing Pokémon GO on my phone and swiping all the stops along the front of the hospital. A little strange to think there are so many animals here, and I’m walking around catching Pokémon. 

Behind me, an older lady walks to her car. She’s by herself, and sniffling a lot. I turn around to look and see that she’s crying. She’s holding an empty leash. I can only imagine what that means. 

I ask if she’s okay, and without really waiting for her answer I ask if she wants a hug. She nods, and I hold her. She sobs a bit. She hugs tightly and as she starts to let go she hugs a little tighter. She repeatedly says thank you. Thank you so much. For all you do to help the little ones here. I don’t respond, I just keep hugging her. I start tearing up, too. 

Eventually she lets go. I hold put my hands on her shoulder and give her a look to communicate that I share her sorrow. I’ve lost all ability to speak. I wish I could say something, anything. Offer her something more. But instead I watch her get into her car, and I turn and continue walking.
.
I misunderstood what a coworker asked me and gave him a response he wasn’t ready for
This is only my third week at my brand new job and I’m still trying desperately to fit in. To set the scene, I’m a younger female working in a professional office setting with mostly men. I have pretty bad anxiety especially since starting my new job but I’m finally starting to break out of my quiet/shy side and be more myself. Yesterday morning after I sat at my desk, a coworker came up to me and said, 

Him: Can I ask you a stupid question? Are you any good at rapping?

Me: I mean when I was like sixteen my best friend and I would memorize Big L and Eazy E lyrics and pretend to freestyle at parties because none of our sheltered suburban friends ever heard the raps before and assumed we were just awesome at free styling. Always old school rap. We thought we were pretty good. But I mean I would never do it now, especially in public.

Him: Oh. I meant *wrapping.* Like a gift.

We had a baby shower for a coworker yesterday so when he asked me that question for some reason I thought “rapping,” and wildly assumed he wrote a joke rap for her party and wanted me to help (I honestly have no fucking idea why my mind would ever go in that direction) but he wanted my help to wrap the gift he bought her. anyway I wanted to jump out the window immediately, tried to laugh it off and make a joke about it being “early” and “I haven’t had my coffee!!!!!“ and I’m praying to god he was so confused by my response that he wasn’t actually listening. 
.
I don't understand people who say they don't want to be stuck in a 9-5 cubicle job, it's the greatest thing in the world imo.
I work 8-4 m-f and I love it.  I get to sit my ass down in an air conditioned office and don't have to do any manual labor. I can take breaks it it's not busy and browse Reddit or anything else.  I love my cubicle and I love my job.
.
My father is a millionaire. Earlier this year, I found out that he's only leaving my siblings and I $10,000 each. I'm not even mad.
Who my dad was as a father was infinitely more valuable to me than any amount of money he could leave to me. He raised us to be disciplined and compassionate at all times. He was loving, wise, and always put other people's needs ahead of his own. And I want nothing more than to be like him.

The rest of his money is going to a few different charities. I will gleefully see that these endowments follow through as he wished, and will continue to give my own money to them in his memory.

I hope that each of you has someone in your life like this. If not, you can start by being that person to someone else.
.
I stood up for a lady on the bus a few weeks ago and pissed off the guy that was harassing her
I take public transit, and while I'm quite introverted on the bus I *love* to people watch. I usually have headphones in and just peer over my phone and check out conversations, phone screens, weird hats, (yes, I'm "that guy" but I promise it sounds more creepy than it is). I really enjoy all the different characters. There are lots of regulars, myself included.

There's a guy who tries to sell his bus pass... on the bus. Which usually gets  him kicked off the bus. There's a guy who refuses to sit down even when the bus is empty and tries to balance without holding onto anything. There's groups of sports fans and groups of kids that are probably way too young to be talking about what they're talking about. And there's Mary. I don't know her real name, because I've never talked to her, but she feels like a Mary. She's probably in her early 70's and is *maybe* 5 feet tall. She has short curly grey-blonde hair and wears nice matching pant suits, and she has some sort of facial mark. Her eyes were sort of melted shut and half her face was waxy and smooth while the other was red and grey. Super quiet, didn't make eye contact, and kids stared at her constantly.

That was Mary 6 months ago, lately I think she's had some sort of work done because her face looks so different! She disappeared for a while and now that she's back, she looks happier. She started wearing some makeup too so that might be part of the change, either way I'm happy for her. I really don't want to come across as judge-y and rude, I just needed to point out that I have seen this lady for 4 years and she's been a bit of an outcast in the town.

Back to the story though. When the bus is extraordinarily busy I take out the headphones so I can hear if people need to get behind me or around me to the door, and today was that day. People were packed in like sardines and the bus was full of it's usual characters, including Mary who was right beside me, I'm 20 years old and about a head taller than her. Someone comes down the stairs to the lower level where we're standing and starts talking loudly. He's sort of shaking, hopping from foot to foot. He is in his mid thirties but dressed like and edgy teenager and has the widest eyes I've ever seen; no one should be this excited to be on a bus. *NO one*. I'm pretty sure he was on something, or coming off something, or maybe he had some stuff going on in his brain that I wasn't equipped to diagnose. He was practically yelling when he sees Mary. He lifts his hands up and puts a hand on her shoulder. I'm paying close attention to him and her face and everyone else on the bus, who are all turning a blind eye.

He's yelling louder about sports and getting drunk and I'm sort of looking at this big guy behind our crazed friend. This guy is 6'5, built like a brick house, and has a lumberjack beard. POLAR OPPOSITE of me, the 5'5 girl trying to get his attention. He looks at me and shuffles backwards then turns around. Alright, cool. Friend is still harassing Mary and I try to make eye contact with him, maybe get his attention onto me and off of her. She's very uncomfortable at this point and holds up her hands as a reaction to him having his arm almost around her. He grabs her hand and squeezes, and she says (the first time I've ever heard her speak in 4 years)

"Please, stop" and he LAUGHS.

Alright, mother fucker. I'm usually pretty introverted but today had been a GOOD day and I wasn't going to let someone else have a bad one. I put my hand on his arm and he looked at me. "Dude, she asked you to stop. Let go." He seemed sort of shocked to hear that, and he let her hand go. Then he took his other hand and put it up to her shoulder again, ignoring me again. "Buddy, fuck right off. Get to the other side of the bus and keep your hands to yourself."

He gives me a cold glare and backs up, turns, and goes to the other side of the bus. No one cared, no one clapped, no one looked at me. Everyone was willing to let this happen to her, and I was a little upset about that. I asked Mary if she was okay and she said that he really hurt her, and I so asked if she wanted me to get her home. She honestly looked like she was going to cry and I don't know if it was from the guy, from me, or just the whole situation. She grasped my hands in hers and thanked me and we got off the bus together. She thanked me and we went our separate ways. I was honestly ready to punch a hole through that guy and I'm glad I didn't have to.

&#x200B;

So, yeah. Thanks for reading. I've never told anyone about that before because I don't know how to bring it up without being really weird. It was out of character for me but I've stood up for a few more people since then. I hope Mary is doing good, and I hope that she doesn't run into that guy again.

&#x200B;

EDIT: I don't usually edit my posts but a lot of people have commented on my writing, which is so nice, so if you want to read more I'm going to be posting more transit stories and fictional stuff over at r/1958writes :)
.
I just found out that the Afghan boy I taught his first German words is fluent now, has a job and will be able to stay here indefinitely. I am so happy
I am a teacher and taught a couple of Afghan women (ten or twelve) a few years ago at the height of the refugee crisis here in Germany (as in, I taught people who lived in a gymnasium and slept on cots). Even though I am a woman, it was difficult to connect with the women. They didn’t know the alphabet and only spoke Farsi, but there was a then 17 year old boy who came to every single class and basically helped out as a tutor. He came alone all the way from Iran where he was born (but had an Afghani passport) because his family sent him here. He had no future in Iran. After two months, he was almost fluent in German. He did basically nothing else but study all day. His dream was to become an engineer and stay in Germany. After he was suddenly brought somewhere else (this, infuriatingly, happened often - women I taught and had grown close to, whose babies I held while they wrote down letters and told me about their life (the boy translated) - would suddenly not show up anymore and the others told me they were relocated, often without any warning), we wrote on whatsapp a couple of times but then life took over, I had a third baby etc. 
Yesterday we met for the first time in three years and I‘m so proud of him. His German is fantastic. He finished school and is in a vocational training program. He joined it because he feared to be deported if he was just a student. In the meantime he got his approval to stay indefinitely and after his vocational training, he can go to university. He is so bright and such a joy to be around. I am so happy right now and apart from my husband had no one to tell, so I‘m telling you, reddit. :)
.
My country is finally free and I’m ecstatic!
For those that haven’t heard the good news yet, 93 year old dictator [Robert Mugabe resigned as Zimbabwe’s President ](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-africa-42071488?ns_mchannel=social&ns_campaign=bbc_breaking&ns_source=twitter&ns_linkname=news_central) today after massive protests in the country all week! I was born and raised in Zimbabwe and lived under his regime my entire life (I’m only 16!) but the amount of joy that’s reverberating throughout the streets right now is incredible. I know this isn’t a political forum or anything, but I just wanted to share my excitement for a new era in my country! I feel fantastic !
.
I walked in on my roommate cross-dressing, and my reaction was not what I expected
My roommate thought I was out of town on a trip with the rock-climbing club for MLK weekend, but it got called off for bad weather. I turned back around and headed to the apartment. Walked in, heard him taking a shower. Now we give each other shit all the time, so I thought it’d be funny to scare him. I hid behind a couch, ready for him to come out. He came out, walked into the hallway to a full-length mirror we have, and....WTF. He had shaved his legs, was wearing thigh high black socks and a short gray skirt, a neck choker, had dark lipstick on, and had his typical neck-length curly hair teased up into a more typical feminine style. The whole sight was shocking to me for a lot of different reasons—partly because of how well-executed it was. He has a lot of naturally feminine features and a thin frame, but clearly he has done this many times before.
Now since this guy really thinks he’s the shit (he’s a skinny dweeb, but a confident one), my first instinct was to jump up and embarrass him—this would be something my friends and I would never let him live down. But that didn’t really feel right. Instead, I snuck out to let him do his thing in privacy and texted him *”yo on my way back, trip cancelled”* while I got coffee.

The real confession is....I think he pulled the look off well...*really* well...and I’ve been thinking about it for a few days now. Feels very weird. He has just been kind of a bro to me for four years and now all of a sudden when I’m talking to him, I notice his lips are kind of a nice shape. That’s the first first time I’ve ever written something like that about a guy. The fucking son of a bitch got me.
.
I watched the world around me wake up
I woke up at around 4am this morning, rode my bike to one of the busiest Corners in my area (Chicago), and sat down on a bench near the road.

When I first got out there, there were no cars in sight, everything was completely silent except for crickets. It was quite beautiful to be honest.

Over the past two hours more and more cars started to fly by. It felt oddly satisfying to witness the world wake up. Watching the sky go from pitch black to a slight yellow, to a peach and blue gradient was also pretty cool.

Just thought I would share :)
.
So I fired one of my employees &...
I fired an employee a couple of days ago after he refused to take a drug test when he had an accident on the forklift (company policy). I've got him on the cameras screwing around & what looks like him on his cellphone too. The kind of funny thing that happened two days later is that he came back with his mother & they both demanded I give him his job back. They were both genuinely shocked when I told them "no" & showed the camera footage. 

"You can't record employees in here! The owner doesn't allow that! My son was talking to his fans!"

I'm the owner ma'am & I don't care who your son was talking too... he's still fired.

(She was still pissed. They both were)
.
Does anyone else get the "Fall Time Feelings" where they have a case of nostalgia during Fall/Autumn every year?
I feel like this happens to me every year when Fall comes around. It's like it produces something in the air that makes me feel really nostalgic. I do have some of my best memories during the Fall but I feel like getting this feeling around the same time every year is really weird and random. Sometimes I get this feeling in late Winter as well. 

Does anyone else go through something similar?
.
I am 34 years old. I JUST realized that in the song 'I saw Mommy kissing Santa Claus', she's actually kissing her husband who is dressed up as Santa Claus, not cheating on him with a mythical being.
Upon relaying this information to my spouse, he blew my mind AGAIN by  saying 'well it's just some guy in a Santa outfit, so she could still be making out with the neighbor or something.'

What are some obvious things that you realized embarrassingly late in life?

EDIT: Haha holy shit I just woke up and saw all the replies, there are some amazing stories here! You guys are awesome <3 
.
I ate watermelon for the first time and can't believe what I've been missing.
A bit of backstory: When I was a baby, my mom gave me a little piece of watermelon and accidentally almost killed me. Turns out I was allergic, and remained so for who-knows-how-many years.

For years and years, people have felt *so* bad for me when I tell them I'm allergic to watermelon. Like I was missing out on the best thing in the world. I was always skeptical... Yeah, it's a fruit. So what? How great can it be?

Then, last night, I had a margarita that (unbeknownst to me at the time) contained fresh watermelon... and nothing happened. So, when I got home, I grabbed a little chunk of it from my parents' fridge. 

Y'all... I **SEE** why people have been feeling bad for me all these years. Their pity was completely justified, and the veil has been lifted from my eyes. Watermelon is *exquisite*. Juicy, sweet, soft, crisp, fragrant, mild... What more could the human tongue ask for? Watermelon is perfect. 

10/10 will eat again
.
My 40 yr old husband of one year is sleeping with a college freshman...
That's OK! It's me!  I'm 44 and dedicated my life to my family. They are all grown and have lives of their own.  So I'm going to school.  The goal is psychiatric nursing!  Hopefully before I'm 50.
.
I finally found my dream job and I don't care that people look down on me for it.
In my 25 years of working (age 16 to 41) I have held many jobs. Cashier, waitress, call centre rep, secretary. I was working as a bookkeeper for a local company at $13/hr, but needed extra money and posted something on FB asking for advise. Someone messaged me back saying the local delivery company was desperate for drivers. No special license needed, just a car. So I went and spoke to the manager who hired me on the spot. I trained that night and started work the next day. After my first day I was quickly labelled one of their best drivers. When the bookkeeping job turned into a customer service job I wanted out. I was so unhappy. So I went to my boss at the delivery job and asked to go full time. He was overjoyed saying he needed good drivers during the day shift.

Now I work the hours of my choice and I can make double what I was making as a bookkeeper or a secretary. I am my own boss. I can do whatever I want between calls, wear whatever clothes I want, I only have to fake smile for 2 to 5 minutes, very little human interaction. I don't have to look busy when I'm not. I have no one breathing down my neck. I just wish I'd found this job sooner. Who knew my calling in life was delivering everything under the sun around my home town. I have never been so happy in my life. People may look down on me as "a delivery driver" but they have no idea I am way happier than them and make way more money than they do.
.
My cancer is in remission!!!!
Just after my 24th birthday I was diagnosed with non hodgkins lymphoma. I have completed 4 out of 6 treatments of chemotherapy, and had  PET scan to ensure my treatment was working.

 
I received a call this morning that my cancer is in remission and I'm so so happy!!! I still have to complete the last two rounds of chemotherapy so I'm keeping it quiet until then and I have the full 'all clear ', as the journey isn't over yet, but I'm dying to tell people!!  I am so happy, there is light at the end of the tunnel!

I've been so angry at my body for so long for becoming ill, its been hard to forgive it, but this news has made me so so happy and really given me a much needed boost to continue trying to love and appreciate my body no matter what!
.
English as second language speakers - stop apologizing for your English!
Especially stop apologizing if you’re still in your native country where English is not the primary language.

I’m American and I only speak one language. I tried to learn Spanish in school for my mandatory credit hours and it never stuck. I just don’t have the good ability to retain second language skills. I think *helado* is ice cream and I remember a few words here and there in a few languages. 

The  people I see here who apologize for their English do a great job, better than some native English speakers. And even if it’s “just passable,” you’re *multilingual,* which is wonderful.

My mother is foreign-born and would get made fun of for her heavy accent. When she immigrated, she learned English informally, picking it up as she went along. She speaks English quite well for learning it all on her own, and she has barely a primary school education from the rice farming village she came from. Those people who mock her only have one language, and sometimes a poor grasp of it. Mom knows *two.*

Maybe in the future science will develop a Star Trek style universal language translator so we can all understand each other. Meanwhile, thank you for reaching out to English speakers, whether learning it was mandatory in school, your own whim, or part of integrating into an English-speaking country. 

Happy Thanksgiving. Please take this American holiday and be thankful for anything you want to be thankful for, and enjoy quality time with family and friends. 

Please share your native language’s best greetings and well wishes!
.
It’s 7am. I’m snuggled up on the couch in my pajamas while my boyfriend makes us pancakes. Life is happy.
In the near 4 years my boyfriend and I have been together, we’ve never had work schedules where we both have the weekends off. We both worked in restaurants but I changed industries a couple years ago. He finally quit his job recently, and will have a M-F job like me. Just as the sun was coming up I woke up to him rubbing my back and snuggling me. Now he’s making his amazing pancakes for us (and a mini pancake each for the dogs because they’re spoiled) while I put on a movie.

We’ve never had consistent weekends/days off together. Just the occasional Saturday *if* he could get the day off. I’m so thankful that we get to do this every weekend now!

How’s your Sunday? :)
.
You’re looking at a girl who can do 10 whole push ups.
Before I say anything else, I *know* that’s not that many push ups. I know there are many, many badass women who could push up me under the table. But I also know that everyone experiences life differently, and accomplishments are relative. So I’m gonna celebrate this one. 

I fell off the work out wagon for a few months and recently got back into doing it regularly. I’ve been going strong for just over a month now, and today was the first day everything was actually noticeably easier. Went for a jog and felt great. Did my core routine and felt great.

And for the first time, I did 10 push ups without stopping. Full on, nearly flat to the ground, push ups. 10 of them. No breaks at 5 or 8 like I usually do. (When I did my 2nd and 3rd rep, I did have a little tiny breather but I completed all 10). 

I know it’s a small step, and I don’t want to gloat too much. I felt like anonymously telling the Internet was just the right amount of gloating :) it was painful and felt impossible at the start, but turns out if you stick to something, you really can get there!

Edit: spelling
.
My boyfriend is helping my mom make mashed potatoes for me right now.
On the evening of thanksgiving, I was involved in a vehicle accident. It was traumatizing and left me with a fractured spine, so I have lost nearly all independence.

Luckily, my boyfriend has been visiting almost every day since I was discharged helping me with changing, going to the bathroom, ambulating, and so on. I was craving mashed potatoes and mentioned we had a packet of instant mash downstairs somewhere so he immediately left to go find it. My mom noticed him looking for something and then suggested they make me some mash from scratch so now I am waiting listening in to their conversation about creating the “perfect” mashed potatoes and it’s very heartwarming. I’m grateful to be alive and to have a supportive family in my time of need.

Edit: this got so much more support and love than I expected! My boyfriend and I are sincerely so grateful for the best wishes and kindness! I haven’t been able to reply to all, but I really do appreciate that many of you took time out of your day to comment something nice and cheerful! Tomorrow I am seeing an orthopedic surgeon, so hopefully good news awaits!
.
My cat just woke me up by shoving a half dead lizard in my hand, and I've never felt more violated.
I'm so outraged. I was TRYING to have a nice Sunday lie in, and so I left my window half open to be courteous to the small bastard I share a home with. When I don't, he alternates between yowling at me to come in and cuddle with yowling at me to go out and murder things. So I'm sleeping the warm pleasant sleep of a kind and loving owner, when I kinda become aware of something being pressed into my hand that's kinda cool and rubbery and string like. This description fits nothing I know, and so I blearily open my eyes to look at what I'm holding. 

It's a fucking  lizard staring at me from my loose fist.

Naturally I scream and try to hurl it away, but it's not dead enough for that to work so somehow it clutches on to my comforter. So I scream curses and try to shake out my comforter, but it's little cold blooded claws are holding on firm so I only manage to shake it somehow closer to me and near the curtain. The entire time my cat is just sitting on the bed, watching this whole production with the disinterested contentment he just stole from me.  So I try grabbing him and throwing him closer to the target, but for the first time in his life this little idiot is apparently not full of murderous rage for moving things smaller than he is, and just stares blankly at it. When the lizard moves onto the curtain, I use the opportunity to stuff the whole thing out the window and beat it against the side of the house until the lizard drops away and scuttles off. My cat lays down on the newly stripped bed and thumps his tail in happiness. 

Please tell me your Sunday started better than this.
.
I (F) grew up rural and was always intimidated when going to The Big City. I felt ‘not good/cool enough’. Now I work in Times Square NYC, and every time I see someone with ~that~ look on their face, I compliment their outfit. I can tell by their smiles that it makes them feel good
My family and I would go to the big city a few times a year for things you couldn’t get in our town (mostly clothes and appliances and such). I remember we’d always put on our Sunday best and, especially as a teenager, I’d always worry that people looked at me and thought less of me because obviously we weren’t as fashionable as them. My mom used to be scared to go into fancy stores and upscale department stores, thinking they’d look down on her (I don’t think they did though). Now, when I see a girl or woman on my way to or from work, (lots of tourists there),I can sometimes see the same look on them, and saying something like “I love that dress!” Or “omg cute shoes!” In passing, and seeing their reaction makes me feel happy. It might be dumb, but at least harmless?

EDIT: My first Gold!!! Thank you, whomever it was! YOU are Gold and made me so very happy!!

EDIT 2: and now Silver!? I don’t deserve this, but none the less am picturing myself swimming in virtual precious metals, like Scrooge McDuck. Thank you for making me feel special!
.
I️ just called the National Suicide Prevention Lifeline for the first time
i never thought I’d actually call them. Tonight was supposed to be my last night. I got everything ready and just before I was about to start, I wanted one last person to talk to. So I googled their number (I know the rapper Logic made a song about it but never remembered the number) and I made the call. I normally have trouble really opening up to anyone. I tend to not want people knowing how I feel. I got connected with a guy who sounded like he was in his later 30’s and really was not who I was expecting either. I had a light conversation with him at first just because I was lonely and it was nice to hear someone’s voice. I decided to tell him that this will be my last night. And what conversation followed next was something that I really didn’t anticipate for. After the call ended, I broke down and really couldn’t believe that I was so close to not waking up in the morning. Two of my friends have committed suicide this year and if only they had called what I called, I still would have those two friends. 



I came here to tell you guys about it because I have no one else to tell it to. Honestly, you can ask me anything and I’ll probably answer it. I’m open to any questions or discussion. If you have anything more personal, you can dm too 

Edits:

The number for the National Suicide Prevention Lifeline is 1-800-273-TALK (8255). If you’re going through anything, and you really think there is nothing left, just call them. I wouldn’t be here right now otherwise. 

I want to thank everyone for coming to me to share their life stories

I will be replying to all dm’s, pm’s, and comments.
.
My new boss has a first grader that comes to my office after school. Apparently this little guy liked me, and he lets me know about all the gossip about me.
I have started working in an accounting office recently. It's rather a family place with flexible working hours and a relaxed atmosphere. We even have kids sometimes, my boss has a first grader, and after school he comes to the office for 2-3 hours until boss goes home. The first days I started working here, I noticed that the kid was being neglected. His aunt is my co-worker, but she wants to be left alone to do her job. Other coworkers have no family bond with him so they dont really give him much attention. My boss usually has too much shit going on, so he cant take care of him either, which is sad. Anyway, this kid sort of looks like me, but without the glasses. If any of my acquaintances saw me with this kid and I told them that he was my son, they would buy it (it's a joke I'm dying to try). He is also into gaming, and even uses some slang words that I use myself (I didnt teach him, he knew them before I met him). So I sort of bonded with this little guy and apparently he liked me too. Now when he comes to the office, he sits next to me. I urge him to do his homework and keep a little eye on him while I work. Nobody, not even his father, can make him sit down and do his homework, but there you go - he sits down and does his best to finish it. He also brings me sweets, candies, and even insists on sharing his chocolate with me. 

With all my coworkers except my boss being females, I'm aware that at least some amount of gossip is going on about me. It's a fact that I accepted when I first started, and it's really no problem. But last week, this kid took it personally when his aunt said that I "only work for myself" when I was outside on business. When I came back to the office, he said it out loud in front of everyone, and even pointed his aunt with his fingers. He also told me each of my coworkers responses to his aunts' opinion, again in front of everyone. With all my coworkers' faces going full red, and me giggling on my desk, we moved on. None of us mentioned this ever since. 

On a final note, I have a fear of children and I usually try to stay away from kids. After this incident I'm a bit nervous around him, since this can happen in other ways too. But then, I have bonded with him, which sort of helped me ease up. I dont know how to express it, but it feels weird when you're the only one that can speak some sense into a kid. I know that he's watching me and learning how I do things, so I be careful about how I do them. It's amazing how a kid can change you.

Edit: HOLY COW! I had no idea this would blow up like this. Thanks for all the support guys, for the first time in my life, I know that I'm doing something right.

Edit 2: Thanks for my first reddit gold, I have no idea what it is but thanks indeed.
.
A boy complimented me for the first time ever! Made my day :)
So I'm a 17 year old female and I just got my first ever compliment from a boy. I know it sounds dumb but it made me super happy. I'm kind of a major tom boy and a lot of people mistake me for a boy or a lesbian. The only compliments relating to my appearance or generally flirty have either been from other girls or boys on the internet who have no idea what I look like and are being thirsty. Yesterday, my friend was saying how this cute boy was winking and smiling at her and I got a little sad because I know stuff like that wont happen to me very often, because of my appearance. I'm not insecure, I love my style. I just know that it's going to be a little extra tough for me in the dating sphere. 

Anyways, that kinda got me down for a bit (I'm also a hopeless romantic so that doesnt help lol). Then today, I was just scrolling through instagram and I saw this guy's pictures and I though "hey he's actually kinda cute." I don't know him irl, but we used to talk on the internet a few years back and we still follow each other. I even thought about commenting but didnt. Then, I posted a picture on instagram. They were just photos of myself smiling, like candids I guess lol. Then, 20 mins later, that boy commented on it saying I'm cute! That's the first compliment a boy my age has ever given me and it made my entire day. 

So happy rn!!



Edit: This is the happiest that reddit has ever made me, I think. You guys are all really sweet. I've never posted to this sub but it's quickly becoming one of my favourites. This made my day so happy. Thanks for all the kind words!
.
It's 5 AM on my 24th birthday. I'm in my last year of law school, in love with an amazing man, and about to submit my first brief to the United States Supreme Court
I couldn't be happier. In the last year I've wrangled my mental health and I'm in a better place than I've been in years.


In the moment these accomplishments seem insignificant to work and time put in, but they're huge. 


What is something going well in your life now?

Edit: I've gone through the comments and tried to respond to everyone. If I missed you I'm sorry! I'll be hanging around and continuing to cheer you guys on, give pep talks, advice and celebrating the great things going on in your lives!

UPDATE:

Many people asked about the brief I was working on. I will not identify the exact brief for privacy purposes but here is the Supreme Court link to the case, Allen v. Cooper. All of the Amicus briefs filed are at the bottom. I wrote one of them ;)

https://www.supremecourt.gov/search.aspx?filename=/docket/docketfiles/html/public/18-877.html

I am happy to answer all questions you have about it, except those that would identify the one I wrote.
.
I said no to opiates, twice.
Little history, am an addict, dilaudid is my jam.  Love that shit, but it controlled me. Got off with suboxone, currently have been off that for 2 weeks.

Yesterday I had some dental work done. Dentist couldn't save a tooth (I neglected myself for a LONG time). The tooth broke, he had to dig, drill, and chip those fucking roots out! 

Novocain wears off quickly on me, so I got a crap-ton of shots.  Anyway, afterwards the dentist had me a prescription. I ask what it's for, he told me i would be in pain after the Novocain fully wears off and "this will help". I told him to shred it! I didn't take the Rx. He asked if I was sure a couple times. 

Driving home, I'm swollen and in a lot of pain! I passed right by my old dealers house, kept my eyes straight! 
Didn't stop, but oh I wanted to. 

Just kinda proud of myself. Thanks for listening internet strangers!

Edit: Holy crap you guys! Thank you for all the love and encouragement! I'm "new" to reddit and this was my second post ever. I really wasn't expecting anyone to see, read, or care. I just wanted it let out, for it to be known in the universe! Thank you all. 
As I understand it, I thank the kind strangers for the gold too! Thank you internet people!!!!
.
I held someone's hand today.
Was hanging out with some female friend, got distracted with my phone and felt her squeezing my hands and let go. Out of instinct I grabbed her hand back seconds later just to feel her suddenly stopped walking. Turned out I just grabbed a random middle aged lady's hand in what must have looked like the worst kidnapping attempt ever. Good thing she just decided to act like nothing happened and walked to another direction, leaving me wanting to chop my arm off and my friend losing it. 

Another lovely story to cringe to myself before bed time. 
.
Celebrating a $40k raise by myself
Recently graduated school and went from making $18k/yr to a little under $60k.

All it took was completely relocating to a place where I don’t have any friends.

I’m celebrating tonight with a cheap hotel (with a hot tub nonetheless), some booze, and some Doritos. Why? Because I’ve earned this shit.
.
I saw two of my friends in our social circle kiss each other in a club.
As a bro, I certainly am happy. 

One of our friends is a girl and is the only one in our circle of friends.

We have been noticing how she's been acting around our tall and good-looking friend.


I decided to play my part: we were in her house drinking. She was offering the rest of us guys to stay over the night. But me and my friends decided to leave them behind to be alone, so they can "develop".

Fast forward a few weeks later, we were out in a club, having a grand old time. 

The two separated from our group and what do I see from the corner of my eye?

Them, finally making out.

I did a little "boo-yah!" in my brain.

The last thing I saw was her dragging him away from the club. I think we all know what happened next.

I have no idea what they are planning, but they are planning to see a concert in another city. 

I hope they end up together so I can buy them mugs with song lyrics on it. So they can drink tea or coffee with it.


Just something cute to share.
.
I told the girl who took my coffee order she had pretty nails!
I got distracted by the girl’s yellow painted nails while placing my order.I thought about it for a second and decided to compliment her.We don’t compliment people enough.She smiled and said her mother thinks they look ridiculous.I assured her they looked really pretty and it felt nice talking to someone and complimenting them.
.
My wife's biopsy came back negative and she is cancer-free
Been worried the last 3+ weeks. She had something removed that had spiraled out of control in a very short period of time. We had very good reason from all of the doctors that this was gonna be it, and if so, pretty darn bad. If it was what they thought it was, there would be no coming back from something like that.

I've been there for her and been supportive but also been silently losing my mind. I knew if I showed weakness, she would just crumble, I've been doing my best. Nightmares, panic attacks, all that, trying to hold it in and process things.

I understand "part of the journey is the end", but I'm just so very glad it's not now. We have so much more life to live together (fingers crossed), and I can't imagine losing her. I'm still pretty shook besides the good news. But I'm very glad that what we had feared is not happening.
.
I'm finally back on Reddit after the government shut down the internet
Wow, I am finally reconnected to society! 

The Zimbabwean government had shut down all social media for several hours yesterday and then took it further by turning off the wifi nation wide all of today.

I didn't realise how lost we are without the internet, even though it was just about 36 hrs, having no connection with the outside world was humbling. I missed talking with people on Reddit about nerdy things that don't matter, I missed sending memes to my friends and I missed the freedom of information.

I hope it doesn't happen again and if the ministry is reading this I'll never see y'all on the web again- see ya!

Edit: thanks for all the messages! I would've loved to message everyone back but social media was shutdown again :P
.
If your socks are dry right now, take a second to be thankful
I spent the entire day yesterday, from 8am to 6pm, in wet socks. At one point I was simply walking across the college campus where I work and I stepped on a grass patch and my right foot sunk ENTIRELY into mud. Today, it's still cold and rainy, but my feet and socks are completely dry and I can feel the waves of gratitude and warmth radiating from them. Dry socks are a marvel.
.
My husband said I was his favourite person in the world, and not directly to me. My heart just about exploded.
My "husband" and I have been together for almost 13 years now. We aren't married (yet) but we have 3 amazing boys together and our relationship is better than ever. Though I do get frusturated sometimes by his lack of thoughtfullness. For example, he bought me the only thing I suggested to him for Christmas, and he didn't bother to wrap it. It wasn't a big deal, but I was a bit bummed he didn't make the efford to wrap it. But later that day at his sister's house he was talking about something we did earlier and made the comment "of course, because shes my favourite person in the world". It just reminded me that though he might not be wired to be thoughful in the way I would like sometimes, he loves me with all his heart in his own special way and I couldn't ask for anything more. I love you baby! 

EDIT: Thank you everyone for the sweet comments and advice. I appreciate you all! If you have that person in your life, go and tell them how special they are - its a superpower everyone has :) 
.
My autistic son was abused by a teacher’s aide
I posted part of this story in a [previous post](https://www.reddit.com/r/CasualConversation/comments/ceed2a/im_taking_my_exwife_and_her_husband_on_vacation/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app) and a few people asked me to expand. 

This is a tough story, and I get super pissed every time I tell it. 

I live in a small town-40,000 people. Small towns are great, but they are awful at facing their demons. 

Why son was diagnosed with autism when he was two. Over time, we realized that he was going to struggle because he could not speak. In Kindergarten and first grade, he had an amazing teacher. She did really great things with him. He learned to speak but only in memorized words and phrases. We still cannot have a conversation with him. Even yes or no answers are rehearsed and he doesn’t always give the correct answer. He’s a smart kid, but has severe communication deficiencies. 

His teacher left teaching to go to grad school at the end of his first grade year, so he got a new teacher—it was his first year in education. The year started okay, but the teacher was not great. He restrained my son several times. During this time, a TA was working with him. We really trusted her. She would talk about the things she felt the teacher was doing wrong. As a teacher myself, it felt wrong to have conversations with her about this, but it felt great to have someone on our side. 

Understand something about special education and restraint—we are required to sign paperwork saying that staff may restrain him to prevent injury to staff, students, or himself. Our problem was not with the policy, but with the frequency with which it was being used and the lack of reports we were given. The school acknowledged more than a year later that he had been restrained more than 100 times. 

We were baffled. His behavior at school and at home degraded so quickly. He was ok at home, but when we woke him up in the morning, he raised hell. He hated school. He was injuring staff members. While his behavior got worse at home, we were not seeing the violence. We felt like failures. We blamed ourselves. 

We tried different schedules. We tried therapy. We changed his diet. I took days off to sit with him in the classroom (something his teacher hated). 

Nothing worked. He progressively got worse throughout the year. That teacher left, and a truly excellent teacher replaced him the next year. Our request to the school was to keep the Teacher’s Aide in the classroom. We felt like we could trust her. 

It didn’t work. My son continued to have a melt down every time he was dropped off at school. He was still violent. 

I sat with my ex-wife and we broke down everything we were doing at home that could cause this problem at school, but we felt hopeless. Maybe we let him use technology too much. Maybe that was why he revolted at school. 

One night, my ex showed up at my door. Her husband kept all the kids so she could come talk to me.

She was sobbing. “I need to talk to you,” she said. She handed me an iPhone that used to belong to me, but I had given it to my son when I upgraded. She also had a list with specific times and quotes. 

She hid the iPhone in his backpack one day with the voice recorder on. She listened to it the next day as she cleaned her house. 

The TA we trusted so much was so awful to him. She hit him multiple times. We could hear the thump followed by him saying, “Ow!” She called him disgusting. She said, “Your mommy and daddy don’t want to see you anymore.”

He hates it when people sing. She did it multiple times just to mess with him. The other TA in the room did the same. They always did it when the teacher was out of the room. 

I was livid. The next day, we went to the police with the audio. A sergeant called two days later. They would not be charging her. The school fired her. She now works at the local hospital. 

We saw three lawyers total. The first yelled at my son. The next two refused to take the case. 

We chose not to sue the school mostly out of exhaustion and feeling a deep sense of defeat. Small towns suck. 

The good news: The school put my son in a classroom by himself for two years. They called his old teacher and begged her to come back. She did amazing work with him for two more years. 

He has had a different teacher for the last two years. She has also been amazing. 

It took four years to undue the abuse he suffered for two. 


TLDR: my son was abused for possibly two years by a teachers aide we trusted. He is better now, but that took a lot of time.
.
some people are one in a million; I'm one in twelve!
So check it out.  A month ago I was working out and the next thing I know, I woke up in the ICU several days later after having been in a medically induced coma.

&#x200B;

Turns out I experienced 'sudden cardiac death' and my heart completely stopped.  I was clinically dead but due to extraordinary luck, trainers at the gym immediately started CPR, mouth-to-mouth, and called 911.  Paramedics were on-site within 2 minutes and they all worked to save my life.

&#x200B;

I had a stent and defibrillator installed and I was home 5 days afterward.  I can't drive for 3 months and am on a lot of other restrictions but, hey, I'm fricken alive.  Unbelievable.

&#x200B;

Turns out that at most only 8% of the people that experience sudden cardiac death survive, and nearly all of the survivors do survive because they are already in the hospital.  Nearly none of those not already in a care facility survive, but I'm one of the very rare ones!

&#x200B;

I'm 60 years old and have dealt with a hereditary heart disease my whole life.  I have had 3 heart attacks, with the first one occurring when I was 26.  Oddly enough, that hasn't limited me in any way.  You can check out my post history to see what I look like and I think I look fairly normal.  People are always shocked to learn of my med history.

&#x200B;

This latest incident has really restricted my activities while l recover, so I'm bored out of my gourd.  That's why I'm posting here : - )

&#x200B;

EDIT:  To whoever gave me Gold, thanks Dude!  That made my day. 

EDIT2:  Wow, 2 more Golds, a Platinum, and a ‘this is neat’ award. Thank you very much!
.
It's a girl
After 4 years of battling infertility, 3 failed IVF rounds, discovering my wife has two uteri, and one surgery, today we found out at our 20 week scan I'm gonna be a dad to a little girl. 
.
I texted my husband after my afternoon hike to see if he wanted Chipotle. He called me right after he got my text to let me know he was already in the parking lot and was just about to call and see if I wanted anything. So we ended up just meeting at Chipotle and eating together. It was nice.
Chipotle is our favorite post-hike place to eat. We were going to go hiking together yesterday, but we got some unexpected rain and ended up just binging Netflix all day instead- so I guess we were both craving Chipotle after anticipating it yesterday. I love when coincidental stuff like this happens between us... except when we both bring home each other chocolate, and then we just have double the chocolate and eat too much of it. 


Edit: this is definitely not an ad. You can all probably look through my post history and see I’m just a regular redditor (who mostly posts here and in r/crochet because they’re relatively positive and wholesome subreddits). I guess I could have worded this post without mentioning what restaurant we met up at to ward off the assholes. 
.
Does anyone else ever upvote a post not because it's worth an upvote but because it's been downvoted undeservedly?
I'll often find myself seeing a comment which I wouldn't normally upvote at 0 or -1 and upvote it purely because I don't think it deserves downvoting
.
Someone just added me on snapchat
And sent me a snap saying that she's selling nudes. I snapped her back saying I'm looking for a PS4 if she's selling one of those.

I don't know if this is going to take your interest or not, but recently we celebrated my little brother's birthday. During the time when I and my parents were deciding a present for him, we almost decided on PS4 and then while we were on our way to the sony store for some stupid reason I started saying "one of the reasons to why I'm not forcing you over buying a PS4 is because I don't really find a reason to buy one. I mean, we can play the same games on PC too". And my mom was immediately like "alright then let's not spend a $400 on that damn machine." They bought a hoverboard for him instead. Sometimes I think we should just have bought the PS4 because I have always dreamed of one ever since I was a baby, but I'm working on saving some money so that I can buy one for myself within the next year. 

Update: she just sent another snap saying no she doesn't sells ps4. I snapped her back asking what else does she sells other than nudes. We are also looking for a sofa

Update: someone just got blocked.
.
Anyone else always look forward to weekends, but when they arrive, you find yourself sitting home doing nothing and wasting them?
 After a long week, I am always so ready for the weekend! However, when it’s finally here, I sit around, waste time playing video games, and just don’t get anything done. It’s only on the rare occasion that I actually will do something social. Anyone relate?
.
My gf fell asleep to me reading last night
2 nights ago, I lulled my girlfriend to sleep just by talking about stories from the past before I had met her, and she liked it, and I honestly had fun reliving some of those memories. So last night, she asked if I would read to her and I very excitedly agreed. I'm not great at reading, the sentence always has the same emotion no matter the context but, she still seemed to enjoy it a lot, she was paying attention and asking questions, and eventually, she fell asleep. When she woke up she thanked me and said she liked it a lot and asked if we can do it again. I don't know I just thought it was fun and really adorable and I wanted to tell someone, so, here Reddit! Hope you enjoy
.
I worked up the nerve to tell my wife something was bothering me
I got a raise at work and it was a big deal to me. I work hard, sometimes long hours, and I got the max raise I was eligible for so I was super excited.

When I told my wife I didn’t get much of a reaction. Our house is always hectic with two kids 3 and under, both of us working, etc, but really the only thing she said was that if she switched jobs and was getting less money (she’s job hunting because her current job sucks) we wouldn’t take as much of a hit.

That really bothered me because I was excited, and I always try to go out of my way to celebrate stuff like this for her and didn’t feel like I was getting the same thing back. 

I have a lot of trouble expressing my needs. I’m not sure what it is about me but I just have a ton of trouble telling people I’m unhappy with something. My wife and I have a great marriage despite that, god bless her, but sometimes it makes me let things fester.

But tonight I did it; I straight up told her I’d been really excited about the news and was disappointed she hadn’t been. She right away said that she was and she was sorry she’d been wrapped up in her own stuff too much to really express being happy for me.

This is a huge deal for me. I very rarely work up the nerve to say something like that. Relationships I’ve been in in the past it probably would’ve turned in to a fight, but my wife isn’t that way. I feel so much better now.

If you’re emotionally an idiot like me, take the leap some time and tell someone what you need.
.
I accidentally flashed a group of people at a coffee shop today
I was planning on going to a drive through, so I did not get fully dressed. I just slipped on a dress without undergarments as I wouldn't be getting out of the car. Well, the drive through was closed so I went to another coffee shop by my house, no drive through. Whatever, It's a hipster spot so I reckoned I would fit right in without a bra. I brave up and get out of my car.... right as a gust of Dorian wind blows my dress up and reveals my entire nethers to a crowd of 8-10 people. I manage to cover my fronts-bits and another gust exposes my rump. I got back in my car and went home. That'll teach me not to go commando!
Edit- Thanks kind stranger for my award! Also fixed my last sentence for clarity. Thanks for pointing it out.
.
I got engaged last night and haven’t been able to sleep
It was just supposed to be a casual date night that we try to fit in during the week.
Then we accidentally stayed up all night talking on our porch and he randomly walks inside, back out and asked me to marry him. 
He dropped the ring and it almost fell under the porch, he was so nervous and fumbling. 
Apparently he had a proposal plan for next month but he couldn’t wait anymore.
He can’t wait to marry me.
I’ve never had anyone love me the way he does.
I’ve never loved anyone like this.
I get to marry my best friend.

Life really does get better.
.
God bless those random small folks who make tutorials on YouTube!!!
You know the ones I am talking about! They barely have any subscribers and it's usually a video from like 2009. And, sometimes its the only video on their channel but it fits your exact problem to the t. Well, God fuking bless them!!!! 🙏🏼🙏🏼🙏🏼
.
I'm about to turn 60, and I still feel like I did at 25
I keep hearing about "adulting" and how hard it is. Well, it is hard and doesn't get easier.

At almost 60, I still get scared, overwhelmed and don't know what to do sometimes. I still have sleepless nights and wonder what the hell I'm going to do about some situations. The difference is I can use my experience in prior situations to assess the current one. Or, even better, I have a circle of family/friends/professionals that I can go to for advice. Ones that I trust, not the one on the next barstool or such.

But inside, I still feel like I'm 25! I like splashing in puddles, I sit in awe of a star-filled sky, I blow bubbles even when I'm not with the grandkids. I love shopping for new and different clothes in out of the way places, I still travel alone to places that interest me. I love to cook and try new things. I stay out late and sleep in sometimes, just not every weekend lol.  I take up new hobbies and endeavors because they seem interesting. I still reach out to strangers and make new friends, so that I don't get bored. And I LOVE a good whisky and the occasional drunk!

Everyone thinks  there is a magic age when you feel mature. It's not true. As you get older you get  more responsible and you learn how to deal with difficult things because you've learned. You've learned consequences of being irresponsible suck, you've learned to deal with difficult things because NOT dealing with them is more harsh in the long run.

Yeah, 'adulting' is hard and not fun plenty of times. But being irreverant, immature and irresponsible is a lot harder, a lot harsher and very damaging. It makes a happy life just about impossible.

All told, I'm very happy to be looking at my 60th birthday coming up! I've had a wonderful and interesting life full of amazing people and places. I've worked extremely hard to get where I am in life and I am enjoying every minute of it!

My children are grown and I now have the time AND the money to do just about anything that interests or intrigues me. I am not wealthy, I am comfortable.

 But that didn't happen magically, nor was it inherited or handed to me. It took planning and diligence. At times, it took a great deal of sacrifice and pain. During the recession I almost lost everything and I lived in a lot of fear during that time.  But I had already learned how to handle things.  It took learning to know what was a need vs want, it took learning to save and learning to invest.  I could have a fancy new car, or I could take that money and do something smart with it and settle for a really decent car.  I could rack up credit card debt that would take ten years to pay back for a trip to Europe for a month, or I could travel when I could afford it, make the trips smaller, and use hostels, mid range hotels, campgrounds, etc. There is no need to go dirt cheap unless you need to, but no need to create debt, for the same reason. So, in spite of the recession, I survived those tough financial times because I wasn't carrying massive debt for fancy, expensive wants. So I could focus my financial survival on what was within my means.

I've had fabulous experiences and travels and memories. I wouldn't trade it for anything! Life has been good to me, but it didn't happen without me preparing for it to be so. I've had some extreme difficulties, some serious challenges and a lot of tragedy in my life too, so it hasn't been sunshine and roses. Life never is. But it didn't make me lose focus, it didn't take me to the bottom, and it didn't cause me to burn bridges. I went through all of them, from the death of one child, through the mental health issues of another, and came out the other end a different person, but still one who finds a great deal of joy in life, rather than wallowing in the dark side of it.

I hope everyone feels this way when looking at their older years!

edit: I have to go off to my little retirement job now! Thank you everyone for the kind and wonderful thoughts! Have a loverly day!
.
I'm going to propose to my girlfriend later today!
My girlfriend and I have been together for a while and have talked about marriage for at least half the time. She's my bestfriend and I'm so excited to start planning the rest of our lives together.

After surviving one of the most stressful weeks of my life (family, work, etc.), I'm going to be proposing. I've planned the day with some out of town friends to surprise her and she has no idea. I know she'll love it but theres always that sinking feeling of whether she will enjoy the day. Crossing my fingers that everything goes down without a hitch!

I'm pretty nervous, but ecstatic to finally give her the ring. 

Interested in hearing other stories! Apologies in adavance because I'll not be able to respond for most of the day.

1st Update:

She never said "yes" but...she said yes. I was able to surprise her by tricking her into turning around as I pulled the ring out from my sock. 

When she turned around, she had tears streaming. Immediately after, a couple of her friends who were hiding in the bushes popped out and surprised her.

More tears. 

We preceded to take more pictures for about 30 minutes. It was a lot of fun. Then, we took an uber to a part of town where I told her we had a reservation for brunch. Little did she know, there were about 20 other friends waiting for us at a bar. 

When we got there, they all yelled surprise and the whole bar erupted. Yet more tears.

It was an incredible day and it couldn't have gotten any better. With the happiness, friends from different parts of my life, and family who came out to support, it was a blast. And it's not over.

I'm writing this knowing I'm not sober but wanted to let y'all know what happened. I will be spending my night with my new fiance and a great group of friends.

Thank you all for being super supportive!!

2nd Update:

Holy cow so many freaking comments!! I'll try and get to more of these tomorrow! I went immediately from proposing to drinking so I need some time to recuperate. But will get back to yall!
.
Anyone else wish it was more socially acceptable to run to places just be cause it's quicker?
Need to get to class all the way across campus? You will be there in half the time if you run there.  Excited that you finally got off work and can't wait to go home? Running to your car will get you there even quicker.  Or just in general you don't like wasting time.  Running everywhere would save so much time over long lengths of time.
.
I'm now cancer free!
I had a very worrying and (quickly) growing lump in my arm, and I got it removed yesterday! It wasn't glamorous, but it feels good to not have to worry about whether I'll make it to see my insurance rates drop at 25. Also, pain killers do a number on your mind. WEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE!


Edit: thanks for all the support, everyone! Shout-out to the kind stranger who gilded me! I appreciate it.
.
8 years sober today!
One day turned into days. Days into weeks. Weeks into a year. A year into years. And here I am 8 years in. 

It got easier every day that went by. But I do still miss it. 

If your trying to get something out of your life - smoking, drinking.... whatever it is that’s holding you back - you can do it. Just get through today. Worry about tomorrow.... tomorrow. 

Here’s to tomorrow!

Edit 1: my first gold!! Thank you kind Redditor!

Edit 2:  and my second gold! Thank you!

Edit 3: thank you for my 3rd gold!!

Edit 4: my first platinum! Thank you!

Edit 5: and two silvers when I woke up this morning. Thank you!

Edit 6: thank you for the pineapple!
.
Who else has random bursts of cringe when they think about their past?
My mind has been reminding me of the embarassing moments in my past and things I've said and done since I was a kid to now 
My shoulders tense inwards into my body and my toes curl and just ehhh. 
Anyone else do the same?
.
My wife scrolls this sub a lot. It would be really neat if she saw this.
The great part is even if she saw it.  She wouldn’t know it was her. We don’t share each others usernames. 

If you do manage to read this, know that you are the most amazing human I’ve ever had the opportunity of meeting.  At one point I thought I wasn’t good enough for you. I would never have a chance with a girl like that I thought. You gave me so much discomfort. I didn’t know how to act or what to say around you. I couldn’t even tell if I was being my self because I was so nervous. But after time and long talks. I realized the feeling was turning to excitement and anxiousness. Excited to see you again. Anxiously waiting for work to be over.  As time moved on and we moved in together. The feelings got stronger and more complex. This is where I was shown that love isn’t something you can say and be true. It’s something that takes over your whole life and consumes your thoughts.  Day dreaming becomes less about me and more about we. 
   But you’ve shown me sadness I’ve never felt anywhere els. Anger I couldn’t control at times. (Dry wall expert now) not proud of every moment in our story. But I’m proud to be in a story with you. I love you with all my heart. I don’t show it like I should when I should. But none the less I love you always and forever. 

I’ve left a few hints in this. But I’m pretty sure it will be removed so probably all for nothing. How often does you wife or husband tell you how much you mean?  And what’s the most romantic or cute thing y’all have done?  I’ve been married for a bit now. And I can say things get dry after a while and kids come along it gets hard. Let’s have a discussion about relationships. Casually lol. Keep it PG y’all. Also upvote. I wanna see if this gets to her or not. Ask your spouses if you read this. You never know.   Also reddit gods if you could not remove this be awesome. Thanks 🙏

UPDATE!:  she found it. And I got a huge laugh out of it. She said the way it is wrote gave me away.  Apparently she knows me so well she knows my writing. I feel blessed. And have had an amazing start to a day. Thank you to everyone who helped get it up there.  
  Never stop doing cute stuff. If it feels uncomfortable do it. Chances are it’s right. Your brain is just scared.  I challenge you to do one cute Corny thing a day for someone you love.  Post your experience in the comments. Let’s share the stories and ideas.

Update again:  who ever gave the award you are amazing. I’m trying to explain to my co workers (farmers and country folk in there late 40s on up to 73 years old). They are like someone gave you gold on Facebook? No I’m on reddit and I got an award. They are confused and just say good job. Anyways I’m excited. Never did I think this post would blow up. I thought I’d have to forward it screen shot it and send it to her if I wanted her to read it. Reddit is truly an amazing social media. Thank you 😊
   Now a silver?  Guys come on. I’m trying to work here. And i keep getting all these amazing updates and notifications about this rare time I open up. It’s made this whole experience ecstasy. I can’t explain it. But hearing your words and stories and hearing how this post of mine makes you feel. I didn’t know it would be like this. Usually people just down vote my post and tell me to go back to Facebook.  Thanks for being so wholesome guys and gals.
    Another gold?!? Wtf I didn’t even notice the message my phones going crazy. Thanks. I don’t wanna not acknowledge the amazing gesture. I feel rude. Is it normal to update and say thanks? Idc if it isn’t. I’m still going to say thank you. That’s someone using their earned coins and giving them to you. That feels good.

  A Platinum award really?!?! Who the? What? Thank you. Im over here eating my roast and veggies for an early lunch and these notifications flood in About platinum award. Y’all are gonna make me choke. I don’t have anyone that is into reddit really. I want to be like look at this but in stead I’ll just smile and eat my food. Thanks for the joy :).
.
I used to judge people for their “weird” orders at Starbucks. Decaf, soy milk, no foam, extra sirup... “Can’t you drink a normal coffee like everyone else you freak”. But today it changed.
I developed intolerance to lactose and caffeine so today for the first time in my life I had to order a special coffee - lactose free decaf latte. 
And now I’m embarassed for all the times I silently judged people in Starbucks for their unconventional choices. I’m sorry, stranger.
.
Im proud of myself
Hi, im 16 and due to mental illness i have a hard time getting the motivation to do things, but today i did the dishes, vacumed, and cleaned the litter box.  I know it might not seem like much to alot of people but my mom was super happy and proud, and i am to.
.
I stereotyped a stereotype and was wrong
I sit in my car as this just happened minutes ago. Im a young (21) black male and I was walking back to my car pretty late (11pmish) when I realized that across the street from me was a fairly attractive lady. 

She was walking on the side of the street that I needed to cross to, 2 blocks from my car. I started to slow down and realized she might think I’m trying to creep up on her. 

Then, I thought about running across the street, but knew that would be seen as terrifying. I didn’t know what to do without being stereotyped.  Then she yelled at me. 

Her:” Hey, do you know where the bus station is? I’m not from around here.” 

Me: “Yeah, it’s just a couple blocks back and one to the right.” 

Her: “Oh thank you so much, my GPS has been acting up. Have a good night!” 

Me: “Thanks, you too!”

I was honestly very happy with how she didn’t fear me, then instantly ashamed of how I thought she would. After landing back on happy, I wanted to tell someone, so here you go Reddit.

Edit: Wow, this blew up over night! Thanks to everyone who has kind words and advice, and I’m loving everyone else’s similar experiences! I’m trying to get to everyone’s replies!
.
Have you noticed ....that this sub has quirky quotes when you Upvote?!
Have you noticed that when you upvote on this sub, there's a different message on the arrow?!  I noticed mine said, "wumbo" and "I'm drunk, so I upvoted".  This is awesome!!

I wonder how many quirky quotes are out there?!  Could you upvote and post the message you saw.  :-)


EDIT:  This is great how we are all upvoting everyone.  Keep upvoting and maybe a new quirky quote will show up.  The mods were clever in how they created this!  :d
.
I skipped to a random point in a random video on youtube and I was in it
I was trying to show my friend a bar/music venue I'd been to, so I found a promotional video of it from a few years ago, skipped forward about halfway, and I was right there on the screen. Apparently I was there on the specific day they were recording the footage. So I suppose I had proof that I wasn't lying about going.

Just an unexpected coincidence
.
Does anyone else open up incognito whenever you're looking up a dumb question so that you won't risk people rummaging through your device and finding out that you didn't know a certain thing?
I like to say that I am... accepting of my naivete (yes, I just opened up an incognito page to look up whether or not I was using that word correctly).

For the longest time, ctrl+shift+n has been my best friend when surfing the net. The last thing I'd want is to risk my friends finding out that I didn't know what a certain word meant (I was just *checking* to make sure that I wasn't using it incorrectly, geez!). I also don't want to risk people finding out about embarrassing questions/statements like, "is [this] bad for keto?" or "how to have more self-confidence". 

Anybody else do this, or is this just me? lol
.
Found out at 4am that I'm pregnant! No one is awake to tell!
I'm 41. I was diagnosed infertile at 21 and never used protection in my first marriage, so my second husband went into our relationship fully reconciled to not having kids. Two and a half years ago, we found out I was six months pregnant- after I felt the baby move. We lost our son to stillbirth a month before he was due. Seven weeks after we got out of the hospital, I was pregnant again. Seven weeks after that, I had a miscarriage. 

It's been two years, and the anniversary of our son's death is December 23rd. It's been a tough two years. Our minds unravelled, we lost jobs, and we've been working very hard this year to get back on our feet. We're living with my elderly aunt, an arrangement we planned to have last until September 2019. I'm due mid August, so I guess our projected budget's going to change a bit!

We told Auntie this morning and to my great relief, she was thrilled. She told us she's seen how hard we're working to put things back together and that she has no fear of me being pregnant or the housing situation going unresolved. Her trust means everything to me. 

Now I'm waiting for my mother to wake up. She had infertility issues throughout my childhood, and hurt for me when I went through my own. She was my husband and I's teammate during my surprise pregnancy and sudden loss- she's going to be thrilled now too. ANd then the anxiety will set in about us living with my Aunt. I hope that doesn't ruin the happy.

I'm not worried. We've been very open that we weren't trying to conceive but given my age, we didn't want to avoid pregnancy since it's been so hard for me. Even if I lose this one, knowing two years ago it wasn't just a fluke is an amazing feeling. 

I just needed to ramble as I'm sitting here vibrating waiting for the world to wake up. Happy Monday yall!

EDIT: Thank you, so much, all of you. I'm humbled and it certain has helped to sweep any anxiety aside. My family is thrilled from top to bottom, got both my mom and aunt to sob with joy. Goal accomplished! I'm going to relax into some video games to soothe my nerves. You guys are amazing!
.
Having bad teeth doesn't make you a bad person
I just wanted to say.
I'm a dental assistant and we have so many amazing patients who have bad teeth.
You're not a bad person for having tooth decay! 
I feel like there's this social construct that says that anyone with bad teeth is poor or stupid or "bad" because they have bad teeth!
It's simply not true. Dental care, especially in the USA is incredibly expensive. We get that, please don't be too ashamed to see a dentist.
In fact my boss loves bad teeth. (She won't wish it upon you but it means she gets a challenge!)

This post is to say, please don't neglect your dental health because you're ashamed. I've seen worse, please come in! We want to see you. thanks. Also change your brush now
.
I just performed CPR on my neighbour and got him firing again.
He is an older chap, it looks like he suffered a heart attack. I lost him three times and each time I got him back. By the time the ambulance arrived he wasn't firing again but they managed to resusitate him. This was quite the experience I didn't need! First Aid training didn't prepare me for the screaming wife, the horrible death rattles and the whole thing but it did teach me enough to save a life. I reckon he owes me a Christmas beer!!

Update: His wife and two kids just came around to thank me very much and to say thay he is now stable at the hospital. I am crying like a baby!

Edit: I am a builder, not a doctor. There has been some discussion between doctors here about what went down so I thought I'd clarify my wording a bit. I've no idea if he suffered a heart attack or what but he was unresponsive, not breathing and no pulse when I got to him. He had recently been released from hospital for a stent. When I say I lost and got him back, he started breathing deeply on his own three times, each time I put him in recovery, he'd stop breathing before I could find a pulse, I'd start CPR again. He was completely unresponsive when the ambos came, my father in law told me he was sitting up in the ambulance (I was in the kitchen freaking out!). I posted here wanting to offload and share my big, somewhat scary experience with a few kind strangers. The love and positivity I've received has been amazing. Stay brilliant all you beautiful bastards of Reddit. Finally, awesome job mods for keeping the trolls and haters at bay. Over and out.
.
Am I the only one who feels much more comfortable using Reddit then any other social media out there?
I mean hear me out; I get that Reddit can be really flawed and very toxic at times- much more then other social medias. But even so, unlike other platforms out there, I feel as if I’m more comfortable using Reddit. For one, there are SO many diverse subs. You can go from watching cats sit on trucks to literally bread stapled to trees. Such diversity makes Reddit so fun to browse (not to mention how easy it is to find a sub like that). Not to mention how easy it is to get involved in a community. Unlike places like Facebook or instagram, I don’t really need irl friends to find a place where I can comfortably talk/post- on Reddit as long as you post decent content you can spark up a conversation and gain traction. I’m not saying that Reddit is the best SM app out there, nor will it ever be, but I feel as if it’s certainly better and more welcoming to me.
.
I just realized 'Black Panther' is a superhero movie, not a historical drama about the '60s Black Panther organization.
I am not a huge movie person, especially not a comic book movie person. I had no idea this is what the movie was about. Never saw a promotional ad, picture, commercial. I figured it was one of those Oscar-bait historical dramas. Then I just saw a picture of the main characters in costume.....not the outfits I was expecting! 
.
I'm so happy today I'm so close to 1000 karma
I don't know what that means to you but I like smallest of social appreciation. Makes a man's day sitting alone in the house for days. When I get to 1000 karma I'm thinking about going out and have pasta.

Edit: Updated below.
.
My grown, business man neighbor is riding a unicycle up and down his driveway
My husband randomly bought a unicycle at Goodwill recently and to no ones surprise, decided it would be better to sell it since he wasn’t getting the use out of it that he thought he would. 

We had a yard sale a few weeks ago and one of our neighbors came over to check it out. He picked up the unicycle and said he’d take it. My husband and I laughed thinking he was joking... he wasn’t.

Fast forward to right now: My neighbor is currently dressed in his work clothes- dress pants and a button down shirt, riding said unicycle up and down his driveway... pretty well I might add!

I was having a rough day, but seeing a grown ass man casually ride a unicycle in business attire was everything I needed to see tonight. 

Don’t take life too seriously, kids
.
I'm 31 years old and I finally got my drivers license!
Embarrassing I know.... but I am a single mother and after I took my son on the bus where the bus driver refused to stop when I couldn't close my stoller while I held my baby.... I promised my son I would get my license so he won't have to go through that again and here I am!!! Soooo happy!!

So many things have changed now ❤

Edit: Thank you so much for the gold, silver,gifts and all the love!! It also feels good to know I'm not the only one!

I live in Los Angeles where there is a lot of public transportation so I never felt the need to drive. But that all changed when I had my son. Last time I took my son to a museum on Uber and I had to take the car seat with me. It was so hard and a group did laugh (they were young so it's ok). But now I don't have to do that anymore. Tears I tell you! Lol

Edit: So many wonderful responses. And to all those struggling with driving, keep trying and I wish you the best! It is worth it ❤
.
Saw a back to school ad on tv and immediately felt anxiety, until realizing I graduated years ago.
I was just  working on some stuff when a commercial came on for back to school. For some reason I got anxiety and started thinking "oh damn wtf it's only July."  But then I suddenly realized I was no longer in school and felt a wave of relief. Those days were usually a very stressful time for me, and I suppose I even associate commercial ads with it. Overall, It's amazing how fast time flies lol. Anyone else have funny or interesting stories of relief?
.
Kung fu Panda saved my life.
When I was going through a severe clinically depressive time in my 20s, I was very inactive. Mostly, I would lock myself in my apt and avoid everything.

When I first watched this movie, it made me laugh for the first time I quite a while. I remember feeling something other than despair. 

Thus began my path to betterment. I would watch it multiple times a day. It would be in the background ayong as I prepared myself  for the day, while I cooked, while I studied, and everything inbetween.

It wasn't only the humor. It was also the message. There is no secret ingredient to happiness. I internalized this and it really seemed to help. 

Fast forward multiple years, and this movie still hits me in the feels. It makes me emotional when I watch it. 

I LOVE Kung Fu Panda!
.
The best joke I’ve ever made

Ok so one day me and my boyfriend were watching a movie and Steve Gutenberg came up. My boyfriend mentioned Police Academy and Cocoon and I reiterated I’d never seen them. He laughed at me and said something along the lines of “what kind of childhood did you have?!” And then I came up with the best line of my fucking life:

“I guess my parents raised me on a....Gutten - free diet.” 

I then proceeded to laugh snort at that for an inappropriate amount of time, and fart so loud I traumatised his dog. 

We are no longer dating. 

It was worth it. 

Thank you for reading.

EDIT: TY for the gold kind stranger!!!! Now I’m laughing all over again. heh heh heh. Ahhhh Gutenberg, you’ve done it again.
.
Went to a nightclub again by myself. UPDATE
So the other day I wrote on here about some guys picking on me in a night club and it made me feel like a loser.

I have the week off work so I decided to go out again as its cheaper on a weekday.

I went into the club again and bought a drink.

I went outside in the smoking area and got chatting to a woman. We danced all night and exchanged numbers and I am meeting up with her this week. 

I also bumped into my other friends which I haven't seen in months later on in the night and had an amazing time.

I wasn't going to let them guys stop me from going out and I'm glad I didn't as I met a really great girl and had an amazing time.

Thanks for everyone's support in my first post and giving me confidence to go out again.
.
2019 has been the worst year of my life so far
So during these 44 hours of 2019 my lucky ass managed to:

fall of the stairs, crushing my ankle, breaking my foot

have a head injury and mild concussion

and (just fucking 30 minutes ago) pour soap into my eyes

I am literally dying, help
also weather is just awful


This year is off the right foot (only one)

E: thank you so much for platinum, I hope you’ll have a great 2019!
.
I just walked into Home Depot after work, and one of the employees asked me if I was doctor (because I was wearing scrubs) when I replied “Yes” he said “Hell yea! Keep up the good job saving lives man!” And that completely made my day.
It’s been a rough month, been super busy at work and had very little time at home, and even less with my wife since she works a lot as well. It was just very validating to have someone say that out of nowhere. 

Edit: Wow! Gold?! I don’t even know what to do with that, but I hope that the fact that someone felt like throwing some real dollars down here means it brought them some joy as well. There’s too much negativity out there - we need more people like this Home Depot dude that sprinkles us with joy - he’s definitely the one that deserves the gold. Thank you very much. If I see him again I’ll show him this, and buy him a beer or something. 

Edit: Been fielding a lot of questions about wearing scrubs outside of the hospital, which is an absolutely valid question; [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/CasualConversation/comments/aq0vii/comment/egd5dw0?st=JS3ENGIL&sh=952dcebd) is my response to that. 
.
To the girl in the community college cafeteria, I totally just saw you hit yourself in the face and laugh.
Your phone was caught on something, so you did what any normal human would do. Pull harder! You did, and inevitably punched yourself right in the mouth and then laughed at the hilariousness of that moment. I shared with you that laughter even though you didn't think anyone saw you. I'm glad to have been part of this incredibly adorable human antic. I also I really like your outfit today.
.
How I accidentally learned how to speak English
(I'm a 14 yrs old Brazilian male, for some context)

I knew nothing about the English language until my mum accidentally bought the wrong tickets for Star Wars VII. I had to watch it in English, and I surprisingly liked it!  My interest in English began by accident.

During 2016 and 2017, I slowly, but surely, got a little better. Only watching movies with subtitles and some YouTube in English. Not much, but honest work.

But, in early 2018, I joined overwatch forums. There, I wanted to contribute to the discussions, instead of just reading the community raging over some character. *I wanted to rage too*. So I began using Google Translate to make sure what I was writing made sense. I evolved a ton there. It took my lack of skill to join the forums, and I am grateful for that.

Then, last year, thanks to The Snap, I decided to join Reddit. Here, I learned the most. Got vocabulary, learned the casual language, got into meme culture and, most importantly, began writing in english *without Google translate*. 

My peak English was making a paper about Ireland some months ago. *I only researched in English*, never even got close to a site in my mother language. I read about the culture, geography, history and society of Ireland, all in English. It had *25+ pages*, while most other papers had less than 10. 
Then came the PowerPoint presentation about Ireland. I presented all the 23 slides alone, without reading anything. Of course I'm not fluent, and still have a lot to learn, but I was so proud of what I did. 

All the time spent here, all the movies and series in English, all the research, thanks to a wrong ticket. 
(Please point out any English mistakes, I still have a lot to improve)

Thanks for reading.

Edit: Thanks for the silver, random redditor!

Edit²: Thanks for the GOLD, random redditor! First time I'll enjoy Reddit without ads!

Edit³: Well, it's kinda late, but I decided to read all the 200+ messages before editing the post.

So firstly, thanks for ALL THE AWARDS, random redditors! 

Secondly, Thanks for all the kind messages! I wasn't able to answer all of them, but I'm flattered to read such nice words from you guys! 
Once again, thank you. Truly.
.
Does anyone else have to sing the ABCs while categorizing alphabetically?
I hope I’m not the only one that does this. I have to start all the way at A and sing until I get to the particular letter. Like, am I dumb or is this actually common?
.
I made it into med school!
I’ve been struggling a lot this year with my mental health and things are starting to look brighter! I’m coming to the end of my PhD and I got accepted into med school! Just wanted to share 😊 many lovely people on reddit and many helpful subs have helped me through some difficult times!

Edit: wow!! I feel so blessed and overwhelmed! Thank you for all the support AND THANK YOU FOR THE REDDIT GOLD u/zvish AND THE REDDIT SILVER ANON!!! *internet hugs to all*

For those asking, I’m 23!! Feel free to follow my journey on insta - @haninthelab if you’d like!! Would love to make more friends and support each other to achieve our goals! I know how intense the journey can be!!

Edit: thank you all for the love! Will get to everyone’s comments when I can!! Thank you so much!!! ❤️❤️❤️
.
Woman stopped next to me at a red light yelled at me to tell me I'm beautiful.
I (26f) have been struggling lately with major self-esteem issues. A few months ago I broke out in cystic acne all over my entire face, and gained about 30lbs in a short period of time. (Attributing both of these things to possible hormonal issues) I paid my Mother a visit today and had a little bit of a breakdown regarding feeling like crap about myself. I know it's superficial but anyone with acne, especially as an adult, can attest to the embarrassment you feel just leaving the house. Anyway, after a good cry I said goodbye to my Mother and as I'm driving home, I stop at a red light and hear someone yell "Baby!", I look over to the SUV stopped next to me and an older woman yells to me "In case he (referencing my husband in the passenger seat) hasn't told you today, you look BEAUTIFUL!" I almost cried then and there. I smiled from ear to ear and said thank you and couldn't stop smiling for a while afterwards. That was honestly the nicest thing a stranger has ever said to me, it was so wholesome, and made my entire day. Spent the first half of the day feeling awful about myself, and the second half feeling great, all thanks to a stranger's kindness.
.
I'm falling in love with my wife all over again
She's beautiful; she's just sitting across the table from me right now with her hair down. Y'all, she looks like she just stepped out of a photoshoot and I cannot even believe she's real. It's not just her beauty, either. Our conversations have returned to the old vigor they used to have when we first met. I am awash with love and adoration again.
.
Was feeling pretty sad yesterday, so I decided to go for a walk. Saw a struggling old lady trying to take out her trash and decided to help. Made my fucking day.
Usually, I would always try to ignore strangers and passerbys under any and all circumstances. (My custom gold chain was robbed from me as a child while walking home from school). But the thing is, I'm tired of ignoring everything around me and becoming depressed by drowning in my own self-criticisms that only lead me to mess up and hate myself even more. So, I asked her in English if she needed any help. She responded in a familiar accent and asked her in Spanish if she spoke Spanish. She looked surprised and said "Sí".  


At that moment she began to ask me about myself and where I was from. I told her and she began telling me about her children. It turned into a lovely conversation about how we need to do more for our Latino community. She seemed really well informed about politics and general understanding of the world. Something that I never really see in the older generation of my ethnicity. 


The conversation gave me hope. I left it feeling more confident and proud of my roots. She said I should come by and chat with her anytime since she gets pretty lonely all by herself when her daughters at work. I might one day take her up on that offer.
.
The worst part about Reddit is being downvoted for something you posted with good intentions.
Whether it was an earnest joke or any other attempt at fitting in. Whether it was something you posted or somebody you agree with/understand. The "downvote to Hell" phenomenon on Reddit is both heartbreaking and one in which I participate. (Of course, I feel justified when I participate, but don't we all?)

It's mob-mentality, and unless you never downvote someone under 0, you participate in it. It's both fascinating and devastating. Like being on the playground at school. I suppose we should have thick skin, but there's little more threatening to human beings than to be "kicked-out" of the group. To be alienated when you were attempting to be included. 

I think it's what makes Reddit such a fascinating platform. And I believe it has potential to be very unhealthy as Reddit becomes less anonymous and more "social". Soon, we'll have access to our followers' usernames. I feel this will legitimize the "followers" aspect of a Reddit profile, and where there are followers, there is a desire to know who is following who. Sooner or later, Reddit will become a regular social media platform. But one in which people can be publicly and easily "downvoted to Hell."

Just food for thought.

Edit: I'm seeing a lot of comments along the lines of "Who cares about upvotes/downvotes?" And my answer is: **You do.**

Would you continue to use Reddit if every time you posted/commented you were downvoted to irrelevancy? That you find *harmony* in receiving both positive and negative feedback on Reddit does NOT mean you "don't care" about feedback.

The upvotes/downvotes make Reddit a social experience, and without them there would be no point in Reddit–not to mention a complete lack of consensus which draws us to the platform. The ONLY thing that motivates us to participate in discussion on Reddit is the possibility and likelihood that we will receive feedback in the form of comment-replies (positive or negative) and votes (again, positive or negative, up or down). 

Even if you choose to "lurk" rather than participate, you do so because there is consensus. And you likely still participate in the consensus by way of voting. You feel validated by the chance to vote and participate in the group. Without feedback, there is no communal, social experience. 

You are not exempt from "caring" about what others think. Even sociopaths have a vested interest in the opinions of others.
.
I just made my friends girlfriend cry
My friend recently started dating this postgrad student from Kazakhstan. When I first met her, we had the inevitable 'I don't know much about Kazakhstan aside from Borat' conversation, and I went away feeling kind of ignorant.

Today we all met up for drinks, and I thought it would be cute to learn how to say 'how are you?' in Kazakh and greet her with it. I was expecting her to laugh and say 'nice effort' and then not mention it again.

Instead she got this shocked look on her face, and gave me the biggest hug ever. Then started crying and told me that in the 3 years she's been in the UK, noone has ever gone to the trouble of learning any Kazakh, not even her closest friends, or boyfriends. The rest of the afternoon she kept hugging me and telling anyone who'd listen how I greeted her in Kazakh.

I'm really glad I was able to make her happy, but I have never been so surprised and embarrassed in my life :)
.
Does anyone else feel absolutely touch-starved sometimes?
I was sitting down working on something when a friend  went around behind me and put their hands on my shoulders today. I felt like those animals whose their owners just hit their sweet spot while petting them, completely relaxed and happy, all tension gone. And that feeling lingered on minutes after they left. Literally all they did was touch me. Don't know if this counts as touch-starved but has anyone else ever felt this way?
.
I just learned that for the past year, my girlfriend has been paying £50 extra rent on my behalf without me knowing.
I just moved in with her and her brother out of necessity due to my mother passing away and not having enough to make it through on my own.

So a few days ago, I learned that the actual rent split by four is £300, but since she always asked me to forward the money to her and her sending it to the letting agency, I never knew the actual rent amount.

Bless that wonderful girl.


Edit: 

I'm sorry I haven't been able to reply to everyone, your kind words are melting my heart.

I will share all your comments with my gf.

Love you all <3
.
My 10 year old daughter was there for me yesterday when no one else was.
I took my kids to a candy shop yesterday to buy one thing and my 10 year old daughter threw a fit because I wouldn’t buy her something 4xs the budget I gave her and long story short cried about it and after attempts at other suggestions she in the end got nothing but ruined our (mine and her) “happy trip” to get them out of the house. She was angry with me and I at her. When we got home unrelated events occurred which got me in a depressed state. I tried to keep my distance from the kids so they wouldn’t notice. Bad day. Well my daughter noticed my “sad eyes”, and immediately asked me what was wrong. She hugged me, a good long hug, forgetting she was upset with me. It made me cry on her little arms. She proceeded to talk with me and just listened. I didn’t give any feedback that was too deep but she did what I needed- just listened and hugged me. She then ended up putting us both to bed. She turned all the lights off, tucked me in and crawled into bed with me. I woke up at 2am with her cradling my head. No ones ever made me feel that good. A 10 year old. 

Update: Thank you everyone for the praises and sharing your stories. This is overwhelming and I’m so thankful. My daughter has always been a sweetheart. She’s the kid that shares and doesn’t like other kids to feel left out. She’s always had a big heart. It makes me feel good reading comments regarding the parenting side of this story. Believe me, I was feeling like the worst parent ever on that car ride home. But I needed her to know she can’t just cry to get her way. She hasn’t mentioned that toy since we were at the store yesterday but I about to head back to the store to go get it for her and surprise her. To thank her. It will be funny if the same cashier is there. I’m sure she’ll recognize me. It’s a small store. Thanks again, this really changed how I was feeling. 

Update 2: I did get her the toy and she was very thankful. And to address concerns on me leaning on my daughter: I wouldn’t in any way be that parent. I’m very aware of how parenting skills and emotions, etc would affect my children at this young tender age. Yes, I already do have and see a therapist. I started seeing one in January when I started feeling signs of depression which only just starting happening last fall. Im very in tune with how emotions affect the people around us and would never put my daughter/kids in a situation where she felt she needed to take care of me. We just had a moment and I was proud of how she handled it and I wanted to share.  Thank you for everyone’s praises and concerns. 
.
Keanu Reeves is well deserving of the positive attention. Does anyone have a story to share?
I was in NYC around 2004 when a friend and I saw him and gave him a shout. He actually stopped, thanked us, and spoke to us...about us. He asked what we do and our goals. I wish I could find the picture, which he insisted on taking. So simple but an amazing and memorable experience.

He really is a good guy, at least from my 1 minute experience. Does anyone else have a good (or, to be fair, a bad) story they would like to share? I'd love to hear it.
.
I recently learned men are rarely complimented and when they are it makes their day/week/month
I was reading on some random sub about things that make your day when a Redditor said he's rarely complimented. He went on to tell how someone said he looked good in new jeans and how he still thinks of this random compliment and smiles. What followed next was many more male redditors jumping on and telling similar rarely complimented stories. 
I now find excuses to complement men (without coming across as flirting). "Hey! Your hair is great today!" Or "geeze that blue sure compliments your eyes" because I would always say something nice like that to a woman and men certainly deserve the little pick-me-up we get each day. 
.
Son’s dance lessons.
So small back story, I’m 6ft, shaved head, tattoos, stubble beard, bit grumpy and most importantly I have a nearly 6 year old boy.

So for a few weeks now my son has been doing this weird dance thing where he wiggles his hips and swings his arms and basically looks like a bit of a sausage so I asked him about it and he said he was trying to do “the floss” because all of his friends could do it. 

At first being the rather grumpy man that I am I told him to pack it in and used some old cliche about not following a crowd off a cliff like my dad would have said to me. Then I paused for thought for a second and realised how important it was to him to impress his friends and well let’s just say I then spent a rather long morning watching YouTube and dancing about like an idiot in front of the mirror and now I can do the floss and after about 10 minutes of showing him what to do, so can he. 

We look like idiots but I’ve never seen him happier. 

.
I've legitimately died before and can tell you what it's like.
So I was telling an acquaintance about this and he thought it was pretty interesting, so I thought I would share it with you guys.

About 6 years ago my friend and I were on our way to pick up another friend from work at around 10pm. He was the driver and I was the passenger. We approach the intersection of my friends work traveling about 55mph (88kph) and as we’re entering the intersection a girl on her phone ran the red light at about 70mph (113kph) and we T-boned her. My seatbelt ripped the buckle from its housing and I went through the windshield.

I’m awake and conscious. I stand up and reach for my phone in my pocket; my arm feels like it’s on fire but I get my phone out and dial 911 through the lock screen. I look down and I’m pouring blood onto the street, as in a nice steady stream is making a puddle. People that had seen the accident, including the friend we were picking up, stop and watch me in horror as I walk around and hand my now blood covered phone my friend who is still stuck in the car. He takes it and I proceed to lean against the car.

An ambulance shows up, straps me to a board, and starts to load me into the back. As the as the stretcher is being loaded into the ambulance my mom showed up at the scene of the accident. I never saw her but I heard her yell "I love you, *****,” I tried really hard but I wasn't able to reply.

While I was in the ambulance, I started feel odd and, although it’s weird to say, I could tell that my body was giving up on me. 

In the beginning my fingers started to go numb, at first in the pins and needles sense and then I couldn't feel them at all. I remember touching them with my thumbs and thinking about how weird it was. My vision blurred and would go in and out of blackness. I coughed out a "thank you" and for some reason an "I'm sorry" to the person who was working on me in the ambulance. I closed my eyes and I thought about my how my friend would probably blame himself and how my Mom would handle it (I was 21 and still lived with her.) My body started to feel really light, and I tried to touch my thumbs to my fingers again but my hands wouldn't move. Everything seemed quiet to me, I could see that the person was trying to talk to me but it was like I was selectively tuning him out. Instead I could hear my heart beat steadily getting further and further apart.

My final though was "I wish I had replied to her." (referring to my mom's "I love you.") After that everything went black, just like falling asleep.

I was defibrillated, and let me tell you, it’s a total sensory overload. It’s like being kicked in the chest, it tastes and smells like hot copper, you see a blinding white flash, and you hear an enormous BANG all at the same time.

After I was defibrillated I had 4 shots of Epinephrine to make my heart beat steady. The guy in the ambulance was literally crying because I had apologized to him before he had lost me. I later found out that my heart had stopped for 113 seconds.

Not an experience that I’d recommend to anybody, but interesting to know about nonetheless.

Edit: organization


Edit 2: I appreciate you're interest everybody but I'm living in Japan and it's about the time for bed. Feel free to ask more questions and I'll do my best to answer you when I wake up or get a free minute at work!

Aaaaand its morning.

-------------- The Big Bad List of Edits --------------


This thread got way more attention that I had ever thought it would. Thanks for the support everyone, and a big thanks to the person who gave me gold! It’s the first time I’ve ever gotten it.

I’m going to address some of the common questions I’ve been receiving with this edit. I’ll try to reply to all of you but it may take me a bit. This edit list will probably also grow steadily.

1.	I understand that some of you are skeptical and that’s okay, it’s hard to take in. I am not, nor have I ever been, a medical professional; so I am only able to tell you what happened through what I remember and what I was told in layman's terms, take it as you will. I assure you that it really did happen though.

2.	My primary injuries were major cuts to my face, shoulder, and neck; a torn muscle in my back (my trapezius) on the right side, and I compressed the spinal nerve that runs to my right arm. I had lost about 3 - 4 pints of blood and had some minor brain swelling. I still have full control of the arm and my only lasting side effect is neck that gets sore really easily. 

3.	I didn’t have any kind of out of body experience. I really fought for consciousness, when I started to lose control of my senses I knew it was a losing battle. 

4.	I did not see Jesus, nor did I see the flames of hell. There also wasn’t a “light at the end of the tunnel” experience for me.

5.	I don’t know what happened to the driver of the other car in a legal sense. I know from the police report that she survived. I did sue her insurance after they offered to pay only half of my medical bills. I won easily.

6.	If you want to use this story or any of my comments in a positive way, feel free.

7. I did get to to reply to my mom in the hospital. I told her that I had heard her yell to me and she started to cry a lot. I gave her a thumbs up because it was pretty much the movement that I could manage. It was so awkward that she laughed about it.

.
I learned a small (but sweet) thing about my BF that I want to share.
We don't live together but I stay at his place very often. He works from home so when I'm having my shower he'll get up and make us both coffee.

He has an aeropress so he'll make one cup, rinse it out, make the next cup.

This morning when I got to the bottom of the cup I got a mouthful of coffee grinds, I reacted to this surprise and he said *"Oh, I gave you the wrong cup"*.

I asked why he has grinds at the bottom of his cup and he told me that it happens when the aeropress hasn't been dried out properly and he just takes the second crappy cup and gives me the nice one.

Such a small thing but I found it really thoughtful and was so touched by it (is that lame?).

What are small but very sweet things that your partners do for you?
.
Someone should start something like GrubHub but to bring medicine and chicken soup and shit to single people who live alone.
What the title says. I'm a single guy, live alone, currently have a moderate illness. Nothing requiring a doctor's attention, but definitely to the point that i dont wanna run over to CVS and grab the stuff i need.

Edit: Recommended so far: GoPuff, various grocery companies that deliver, Amazon (if you live within an amazon 2-hour delivery area), Shipt, TaskRabbit and Postmates.

Edit 2: ended up using TaskRabbit. If youve never heard of it, check it out. It's p cool.

Edit 3: someone had a good point about a service to care for pets while you're ill, or help someone with a broken ankle or some other temporary mobility impairment

Edit 4: stop saying friends, i dont have friends :/
.
Praising Keanu makes him visually uncomfortable. We as fans need to dial it back a bit.
Just read an article about people starting a petition to make him Time Magazine’s Person of the Year. Look, you love Keanu. I love Keanu. We need more people like him. But when you see people ask him “people call you the nicest person ever, what do you think about that?” You can see he gets uncomfortable and shifts the conversation or puts the praise on the people he works with.  I think we need to dial it back for his benefit.
.
Haven’t drank coke for almost 3 months now
Ever since I was 11 or 12 I started drinking coke. Since my family used to be poor and couldn’t afford any sweets I’d just buy a 1,5l coke as a substitute. I’ve been drinking a whole 1,5l can of coke by myself for 8-9 years almost every day and even though I‘m not that obese I’m still overweight mainly because of that. That was until 3 months ago when I started water fasting, my water fast didn’t last long but the 3 days it lasted was the longest period of time without coke for me. My family was really praising me a lot and telling me how proud they were of me so I just couldn’t bring myself to drink coke again. During the first few weeks I thought about it a lot and even drank a small coke zero but I’ve stopped drinking soft drinks completely and I won‘t ever think about replacing water with a soft drink anymore.

I know this sounds ridiculous but I’m just so proud of myself since this is a big achievement for me and I just wanted to share it with as many people as possible.
.
Guys, I want to pet a duck SO fucking bad.
Is that too much to ask? I want to pet a duck so badly. They're so fucking adorable. And I don't want to pet a duckling, even though they're cute, an adult duck is VERY MUCH ADORABLE. What do I have to do? I would do so many things if I could just. Pet. A. Duck. 

I want to pet its cute little chest and little back and neck and head. I just want to give it little duck scritches. Their quacks are so cute.
.
One thing I'm afraid of is when we colonize Mars, there will be "Earth Truthers" claiming that humans never came from Earth and that Earth never existed.
They'll claim that everything that happened on ""Earth"" was made up and all images of it were photoshopped.

I feel like this will happen because, you know, *humans.*
.
Can I just say that this sub is the cutest thing ever?
Someone will post here "I got a new hairstyle today and I feel cute" and someone will comment on how they bet OP looks adorable... Its nice to be so free of negativity that plauges this site all day. ❤
.
The internet is great - I just ordered a pizza for a friend who I have never met.
I've had an online friend for a long while, give or take eight years. We were talking on Facebook today and she said the rain put her in a grumpy mood, customers were being dicks, and she forgot her wallet at home, so no lunch today.

I insisted on ordering her a pizza - so she gave me her work address and I placed an online order. She then sent me a picture of her stuffing her face. It was quite amusing.

Though the internet is full of the worst people. I still like to think it is a great place, like ordering a pizza states away to a friend I've only ever seen through a phone.

I'd love to read some humble and good internet stories, if you all would care to share! :D

&#x200B;

**EDIT:** Holy Guacamole Batman. This blew up. I am extremely happy for the Gold, the updoots and the wonderful stories. It has kept me entertained and happy all day. My friend has also been reading the comments and says the pizza has made her day twice now (one for the food, the second for the love of this community). I have other wholesome stories I can post later, and I promise they are true, I've just been doing them over the years.

Keep the stories coming. If you do want a digital penpal, feel free to message me, I like chatting and getting to know all you wonderful truckers. 
.
I’ve stopped using Facebook and Instagram, leaving reddit as my sole social media outlet. Who else has done this and how has it changed you?
Now, I’m not going to claim major personal changes as it’s only been about 5 days but I’m definitely glad to no longer be inundated with the terrible, negative, endless crawl in Facebook. While I may miss the habit of having the app to scroll through to kill time, I don’t miss the information at all. I feel a weight slowly lifting. Who else has done this? Tell me about the positive changes it has brought you.
.
I prefer Reddit to other social media platforms because it isn't about people showing off how amazing their life is. Anyone with me?
I'm getting more and more disillusioned with other social networks like Facebook and Instagram as it is literally full of people comparing their lives. I work full time and so does my partner who works shifts and at the moment we're saving for our wedding. This means we dont have spare cash to be jetting off to Thailand or sipping cocktails in Greece like the majority of my friends list seems to be doing. I'm  trying hard to lose a bit more weight to feel better on my wedding day but I don't have ripped abs and can't pull off a bikini so my insta isn't full of half naked shots of me in the sea. As someone who suffers with anxiety and constantly compares myself to others, it's hard not to feel really low about my life, even though I know there's good things happening. It's great that others are proud of their bodies and show photos of their holidays but people only seem to post themselves living their best lives. I prefer Reddit because it seems like everyone here is so much more real about the lows and highs of their life which makes me feel so much more 'normal' and not a massive loser compared to my peers. Does anyone else think this or is this just me over thinking things?! 
.
I work fast food and I’ll just give people free stuff
I work at a Wendy’s part time and sometimes I’ll just give random people free stuff or I’ll upsize their drink/fries for free or slip in an extra nugget or two on purpose. Sometimes it’s just random people other times, they’re nice or something funny happens, or if I get a good vibe from that person just depends 

Today this couple (at least I assume the were) came in and the girl was super shy (would talk super quietly or nod only look at her boyfriend) and I thought it was adorable. Guy orders their food and when I’m bagging it up I give a medium fry instead of a small and a few extra nuggs for the girl. 

It’s a relatively small gesture but I like to think that it makes at least someone’s day. 

Edit: I don’t do this for everyone not even regulars usually only if it’s a slower day and we have a bunch of stuff about to go bad. Yes this could get me fired but I get paid minimum wage and it’s my side job ¯\_(ツ)_/¯

Also I’m happy to hear from those of you on the receiving end and those who also do these nice gestures every once in a while. 

And thank you for the silver my first one! This post blew up over night 
.
I know that some people get sad when they get downvoted for no reason so I spend a lot of my time on Reddit upvoting comments that don't deserve to be downvoted.
I figured I would post this here because it's a nice community and maybe other people will spread the love. I don't understand why people downvote kind or positive comments but it happens on every post, all the time. I know Reddit karma doesn't really mean anything, but it makes me feel good to make someone else feel good. Even on a very itty bitty scale and even if they don't know it's me. Hope everyone has a nice weekend!

Oh gosh-obligatory thank you for the gold! I wasn't fishing for it; honestly I just want people to be nicer to each other! Thank you, stranger! I will pay it forward! I promise!
.
My husband gives me his pillow every morning
My husband has a pillow that he got as a gift, which I love. We are in a financially rough spot, so I haven't justified getting a nicer pillow for me yet. He offered to give me his but I refused. He works early mornings and I don't have to get up until a few hours later than him. Every morning when he wakes up, he gently moves me over and places his pillow under my head. 

Those little things make me feel so loved. What are some little things other people do / have done for you that meant a lot to you?

Edit: removed the brand of the pillow. This was not intended to come off as an ad. Sorry!

Edit2: Thank y'all for sharing your stories and thank you so much for the gold and platinum! :D
.
Today I am 100% sober for 1 year solid
I was addicted to opioids due to herniated disc’s and over prescribing. I put myself into rehab, and came out on the other side. I was days from death, and now I’m completely the opposite. If you’re struggling with addiction, no matter to what, there’s always a chance to change. You must let go of your Shame, the guilt. Love yourself no matter what. If you or someone you love is struggling with addiction, shoot me a PM, I’ll do what I can to help 

Edit: thanks everyone for your kind words. A small list of things that help me through..

-I wanted to quit, I was killing myself
-Hardcore music (have heart/100 demons/hatebreed/death threat) just to name a few
-love, from my family and friends and girlfriend
-fasting and keto diet
-venting, talking about my shame and guilt was MONUMENTAL. 
-an open mind to EVERYTHING
-yoga and meditation 

.
All of the hours I have wasted people watching have been worth it for this moment
This happened a few days ago but its still warming my heart so I just wanna share this fuzzy feeling around. 

Let me set the scene, I am an international student at a Chinese University. My dorm is pretty swanky, I have a balcony where I often sit with a coffee surveying whats going on below. The view looks down onto the entrance to the preforming arts building, it's a tropical climate so there's often practice happening outside which is entertaining.

On this day though only people in sight are a couple, nothing of great interest, standard cutesy stuff. UNTIL the girl heads inside. After she's gone the boyfriend starts walking away with a skip in his step AND HE OUTSTRETCHES HIS ARMS LOOKS TO THE SKY AND HAS HIS OWN CELEBRATION. Like fist pumps massive grin this guy feels like the luckiest guy in the whole world. 

Honestly it was like something out of a movie. This culture is normally pretty reserved, he had no idea anyone could see him he just simply could not contain his happiness. What makes it even cuter is friends have told me the only place romance and relationships are really allowed to blossom is in uni so this truly is is moment and I could feel the elation coming from him.

I know this will have been private but just seeing his pure, unfiltered joy has infected me and really made my days happier since it happened. It was so genuine as desperately single as I am I can't even be jealous.  Whoever you are random Chinese boy I sincerely hope the rest of your days are just as beautiful as this moment. 


.
I’m colorblind and I tried EnChroma glasses today! I literally screamed.
A friend of mine is also colorblind and he got the glasses as a present from his mom. I was sitting outside with a group and he let me try them. I looked over at some trees and screamed “WHAT COLOR ARE THOSE TREES?!?!” 😂 They were such a beautiful color! They were like an auburn color but I only saw green and brown. And there were flowers that looked grey to me but with the glasses they were pink! It was so amazing! I was so excited to look around and see things I didn’t realize I had missed out on.


Edit: Thank you all for sharing this happy moment with me! I’m so glad it brought joy to some people. 

Also, in a shocking twist of events, I am actually a colorblind female lol.
.
I just popped a 3+ year old zit and it feels amazing
So I've had a zit on my eyelid for at least 3 years, I cant remember exactly how long. I've been watching it slowly get bigger as every time I tried to pop it, it would "run away" because I couldn't keep my eyelid skin tight. Well today my girlfriend popped the zit while I held the skin tight and I've been so relieved since then. I've seen this thing in the mirror everyday for at least 3 years and have been unable to do anything about it. It was a satisfying sound when I heard it pop.
.
my friend asked me if i had ever had a girlfriend
i came out to a friend almost 3 weeks ago. we’re not the best friends or anything but i’m trying to be more open about it so i told her. she’s cool about it and everything is great. 

one day i was driving her home and we were talking about this boy i like and she mentioned how her current boyfriend is her first one, and i was like “lmao i’ve never even had one! not even my first kiss” (it was along the lines of that). and then she was shocked and was like “oh i thought you’ve had like 4 or something! you’ve really never had a boyfriend?” and to that i said no, but then she asked me if i’ve ever had a girlfriend and that just made me feel so happy for some reason. like, i’m actually being seen as someone who likes both boys and girls. it made me feel loved for who i was

i can’t stop thinking about this so i decided to post it
.
My 8yo. daughter just asked me if I knew what a Human Centipede is.
I hesitantly said no and asked her. She said it's from a book she was reading where the kids tie each other's shoe laces together and try to walk. One kid falls and hurts their pinky finger so a slightly less graphic thriller of a story than the movie.
.
My son saw a sign that said 'please keep children under supervision' and asked "dad, have you got super vision?". I never thought of the word 'supervision' that way before.
Even though it's probably just a derivative of the word 'supervise', my son's innocent question made me think of it a different way. Don't just keep your kids under your vision, keep them under SUPER vision.
.
I’m waking up to the rain on my window and my two cats kneading and snuggling me.
I just feel so happy, my moody cat is looking at me lovingly and kneading me, while my social butterfly kitty is snuggled under my arm.  The rain is creating a very nostalgic atmosphere from my childhood. I’m  just appreciating my morning and life. 

What things bring you out of the slump of day to day stress and appreciate things a little more?

Edit: [Cat Tax](https://imgur.com/gallery/u8Csn1f)
.
I complimented a lonely girl, and it had an effect
This was some time ago. In my school, there's this girl that usually sits by herself. She's either drawing on her tablet in a corner or reading a book. She doesn't put much mind into what she's wearing I assume, because she would always come in the same sweater and pants. I might be wrong

But one day, she came to school with this gorgeous black long sleeved blouse, that had holes revealing her shoulders. I've never seen her with this kind of clothing so it was definetly new.

&#x200B;

I don't usually have any problem with telling people what I think, or to go up to strangers to say something, So I went up to her and told her that I liked her clothing today and that it fit her. She responded with a small smile , because she doesn't really talk much, but that was ok. I told her what I thought and I was satisfied.

But then, during the coming weeks, I noticed something different. She would start to come in different clothing, and she would also wear that long sleeved blouse more often as well. It made me really happy to see that a small compliment could really change someone so much

&#x200B;

People don't get enough compliments. Especially not people that put down thought into how they look, or their crafting.

&#x200B;

Have you ever complimented someone and noticed some kind of change?  


Edit: Wow this blew up!! and a silver too??! Its' been such a nice evening reading your comments and stories guys. Really made my weekend! <3   
Give a compliment to a significant other tomorrow. Or call your grandparents/parents. They will definetly appreciate that for a long time <3
.
The perk of being an adult is doing your own grocery shopping. Today I bought a green tea-scented dishwashing liquid and I am very happy.
Sure, you have to pay your own bills but think of all the stuff you always wanted as a kid but your parents weren’t interested. Now you can buy them all! (well, almost)

As a kid, I always followed my parents to the supermarket. I was fascinated by those fancy-scented cleaning products. Cherry blossom detergent? Heck yes! Unfortunately my parents always stick to what they use and like. My mom has always been in charge of groceries so for 26 years of my life, our house used the same lemon-scented dishwashing liquid. It’s good. But I got tired of it.

I moved out when I was 26 (adult kids living with parents is perfectly normal in my culture—just to clarify). For 2 years that I’ve done my own grocery shopping, I never buy lemon dishwashing liquid. My staples are orange and strawberry.

So today I went to the store and spotted a new product sitting next to my mom’s favorite Lemon. It’s the same brand but with green tea scent! I love green tea! I put it in my basket, paid  and head home. There is a coffee mug waiting to be cleaned. Oh. My. God. It smells sooooo nice. 12-year-old me would be happy to learn that now I can buy my own dishwashing liquid in ANY scents I want.

Thank you for coming to my TED Talk. 

Edit: and THANK YOU, a kind stranger for the Neat Award XD
.
I just received the most amazing Christmas miracle
A special needs boy who looked a little older than me (I’m 23) came up to me in the store parking lot asking how my Christmas was. I was in a hurry (and a bad mood because of family issues) but I already saw 4 people ignore him and I just couldn’t do that(I wouldn’t have any way) So I stood and talked with him for a few minutes. He asked how my Christmas was and if it went good and I said yes and he said “are you sure? I think it could be better for you” and I laughed and said I guess it could always be better lol. He then gave me the biggest hug I’ve ever had and said “hold on wait right here, I have something for you” and he ran to his parents (maybe grandparents) car and came back with a bag full of candy. I was super excited. It tickled me pink. And gave me an even bigger hug and said Merry Christmas told me I looked really beautiful and that I was his “Christmas Angel” (I almost cried there) and left(he waved at me from the window the whole time too) so I left and I got to looking in the bag and it was coincidentally full of my favorite candy and at the very bottom was a Christmas card that said “if you received this, you deserve it. Merry Christmas from the ____ family” and it had $50 in it with a note that said “spend this on yourself, everyone deserves a special treat sometimes. Thank you for being a kind person. Jesus loves you and so do we” 

That just blew me away. I was at the store putting my last $4 in gas so I could get to my aunts house for Christmas dinner later. I don’t need anything, but it was still just an amazing gesture that helped me more than they will ever know. Not necessarily the money but I just needed that act of kindness. It made me cry the whole way home. He was literally the sweetest person I ever met(and gave literally the best hugs ever) I really wish I could see him again, but I saw they had out of state tags on their vehicle so I probably won’t. But I’m just over filled with joy right now. I can’t get over how great that hug felt. It was like he knew me for years. And him calling me his “Christmas angel” tops the cake. That just put the most warmth in my heart. I wish I could tell him “no, you’re MY Christmas Angel”.
.
I wish society was more accepting towards people who just want to be followers rather than leaders.
I get it. By being a leader, you show that you have strength to take on responsibilities, command, etc. I don't want that. I want to just follow. Growing up, I had to take care of finances and making sure everyone put their share of rent, I had to make sure to wake my sisters up. I had a supervisor stint at work for a bit. I don't like the responsibility. I want to just follow for a bit and sit on the passenger seat. 
.
I cooked a real meal last night for the first time in my life.
I'm 25 years old and last night was the first time I ever actually followed a recipe and made a real meal. My whole life I always just heat up premade frozen food, or just boil some noodles and throw some sauce on them. 

I got inspired by my cousin who is really into cooking to try it out myself. So I found a recipe that looked good, went to the store and bought the ingredients, and came home and made it. 

I ended up making some vegan BBQ pulled jackfruit sandwiches with baked sweet potatoes and cole slaw. And then for dessert I made some vegan brownies from scratch! It felt extremely rewarding and I really enjoyed it. I had a smile on my face the whole time I was in the kitchen.

I feel dumb for never doing this before but I'm glad I gave it a try and loved it. My fiancee and daughter thought it was great and it helped us all have a better night.
.
My husband made a lovely post and it made it's way to me
You know how sometimes you scroll through a social media and you see a cute post, in your head you say that's so cute I wish my significant other said things like that, or did stuff like that. Well this time I saw that post and it was for me. I could tell within the first few sentences it was him.  I felt my heart melt, and this post in itself meant the world to me. Some of you might say so what it's just a post but here's a little background. We have been married 5 years and we have a 3 year old and a 1 year old. Needless to say things have been hard. We been stressed by life and it has affected the way we treat each other. So to others this might not mean much but to me it means the world, because he means the world to me. As crazy as this man makes me he also is the best part of me. There is no better husband or father to my children than this man. Yes we all have things we need to work on but I see more than what he currently is, I see the man he could become. I see the good in him even when he thinks he has none.
.
You men sure get unnerved when you see a woman cry!
I’m used to my husband getting anxious when I cry, but this was a new one to me: I was at work when I received a very upsetting phone call about my mom’s health. Everyone in the office heard it, and everyone knew I was crying. So a male coworker came over and very reverently was like, “You can have this, I hope it cheers you up a bit.” I look up... and he’s handing me a package of colored pens. 

I think it was a very serious and sincere attempt, but it actually worked in that I almost started cracking up. It was so out of place and yet so genuine and I think I will now always remember this whenever I think about my mom’s condition. Almost to the point that I’m entertaining her obituary saying, “In lieu of flowers please bring colored pens.”

Edit: I love hearing all the similar stories of the oddball items others have received from others trying to help. And for any of you currently going through difficult times, my thoughts and colored pens are with you :)
.
I got a yes!
I am just not really my self right now. I asked my lovely girlfriend to marry me today, and she Said yes! 

Im just really happy right now and had to share it with you beautiful strangers!


Edit: Wow, this blew up over night! Thank you all so much! 
And thanks for the gold and plat!


Edit 2: We can't belive all this kindness. I showed the post to my now future wife :D and we are blown away by all the kind words! Thank you all again for the support!

Edit 3: Can't belive how big this post got, Im reading every comment and try to answer most! Thank you again almost everyone, so much love and positivity from you!
.
After 29 years on this Planet I just found out yesterday that I have a Big Sister.
Here's some backstory. My dad was in the Navy for 20 years, 6 of those years he did before I was born. He was a "Ladies Man." Bragged about having a girl in every port, blah blah blah. 

Three weeks after getting home from the Philippines he married my Mom in January of 89'. 

We knew he had a fiance' back in the Philippines when he married my mom. 

It turns out when he left she was about 7 months pregnant and she never told him. He is not very observant so him not noticing isn't strange. 

My 2 sister's and I always joked about having siblings out there that we didn't know about. It turns out the joke was actually true. 

My big sister is 1 yr and 2 months older then me and it's the most shocking yet exciting thing ever. I spent 6 hours talking to her last night and I can't wait to spend the rest of my life catching up on the time we missed together. 

We went from 3 Sister's to 4 over night and it's Magical!
.
I just got a 100% on my final exam because my professor showed up an hour late.
So as the title says, I just received 125/125 points on my final for a 200 level English class. We all showed up at 9, and just kind of started talking after about 15 minutes. 45 minutes went by and we were joking and laughing and carrying on, but then we started to worry and a couple of people got upset because they had other finals and could not afford the time to waste if he showed up and made us take it. Plus, I’m sure the University would not allow him to extend final exam periods because it could possibly run in with other exams students had scheduled that day.

So he shows up, so fucking out of breath we thought he was going to pass out. He walks to the front of the room and says “I’m just gonna give it to y’all. Have a good break. Everyone gets 125/125 points.”

I read about stuff like this all the time happening everywhere else in the world but you always think “I wish I were that lucky”. Well Reddit, today I was!

I hope everyone struggling with finals finishes strong. You got this!

EDIT 1: I JUST remembered him saying that he wrote the wrong things down on his calendar and had his classes mixed up. That’s the reason for all asking! I don’t know why this just came to my mind.

EDIT 2: I GOT AN A IN THE CLASS!

EDIT 3: Alright last edit because I gotta get to work and also so I don’t keep treating this like the post from legend. I didn’t expect this to get so many replies if I missed you I’m sorry. But thanks for making my day a little better y’all! Good luck on your finals if you are in the same boat as me! I’ll try to get back to people with questions tonight.
.
I love those quick conversations with strangers.
As I was entering a bank for an ATM, a car pulled into the parking lot with a couple bickering the whole time, slinging swears at each other. While his wife was waiting in the car, the man came in and just had to give me some advice: "Watch out for women. Wait to get your first million, get a wife, then hide your million." He went off about his wife for a bit. He'd been married for more than 20 years which gave him plenty of material.

I asked him how'd he had managed such a feat. He softened and said he'd do it all again in a heartbeat. Apparently it wasn't all bad. 
.
Japanese toilets should be a basic human right
After just having experienced what it feels like to have your butt be treated like a god I can never go back to my old peasant ways. 
I apologize for probably being too graphic.

Imagine:

It’s -5 degrees outside and you just urgently ran home having to take your well deserved dump after a long day of work. You jump onto the toilet only to be horribly greeted by a seat that feels like ice, shuddering and trying to survive the cold. It’s feels like a punishment having to take a dump rather than an achievement!

But never again! Your best friend toilet-san is there for you, the seat warmed up and clean and he’s been waiting all day for nothing but your business. Control the heat and set it to whatever you desire or just time it so that it perfectly heats up at the same time everyday you’re coming home. 

Imagine, 

You’re sitting there, browsing Reddit, enjoying your business and overall just taking your time, relaxing, but then you realize- you took way to long, your legs are already feeling weird and itchy and now wiping this away is going to be such a pain. You mentally already prepare yourself for 5 minutes of constantly taking out many new layers of toilet paper, folding them up, unwillingly trying to perfectly clean up every single bit and just sitting there in disgust for what feels like an eternity.

But not anymore! No longer do you have to use super thin and crappy toilet paper and wipe forever only so your fingers reek terribly and your butt itches for the rest of the day.
Toilet-san is there for you. He gently and accurately sprays water onto your butt however strong or light you prefer, guaranteed to remove all and everything you don’t want being there without you even having to move a finger. You can casually continue browsing reddit,reading a newspaper or doing whatever your heart desires all while toilet san is taking care of the less pleasing things in the bathroom. Just lean back and let yourself be treated.

Never again do you have to waste millions of layers of toilet paper, calculating how much you can actually use until the toilet is gonna clog up and you’ll be stuck trying to clean it up forever only to eventually give up, paying unholy amounts to your local plumber and regretting every single bit of your last bathroom visit.
But no dirty messes anymore! toilet-san does everything for you, carefully prevents waste of toilet paper, because you don’t even really need any in the first place and lightly flushing if you do end up using some anyway while probably saving you hundreds of dollars in the meantime. 

And even if you had a bad day and sometimes just feel a bit lonely, toilet san has your back. He  talks to you, asking for what it is you desire, trying to make even the worst of your days a bit more bearable for you, at least in the bathroom.


Toilet-san is my hero and I regret having spent so many years of my life in darkness, not realizing his beauty. I cannot understand how we are living in 2019 and this is not an international standard yet.

But now i know and so should you!


EDIT: as some people requested, here is a link to my baby 

https://imgur.com/5Z8RJyC


EDIT2: i want to thank the kind stranger for the silver but also wanna mention the odd similarities between the silver symbol and toilet-san 🤔
.
Does anyone else think that social media is helping to fuel a narcissistic and materialistic world?
So I'm aware that this is not an original thought but it has been on my mind lately and wanted to get some feedback and opinions from others. Since last week I decided to stay off of facebook (my only social media account other than reddit) because I felt like it was messing with my mental state. For years I would just scroll through and compare myself and my life to others that I saw on facebook. It seemed like everyone was always doing great things or going on a fun vacation but the reality is that people only post what they want you to see. If you constantly compare yourself and your life to others then you will never truly be happy and it seems like nowadays everyone just cares about themselves and what they own and real joy comes from none of that. Seems like so many people are trying to be the best looking, the most popular, have the most amount of money and power but the truth is most people never achieve any of that and even if you do, you always want more or once you get comfortable/used to having those things you go back to feeling how you were before you had those things. To me it just feels like the world has forgotten how to be thankful for what they do have and how to be compassionate and kind to others which is where I think true happiness comes from. I've been dealing with negative feelings lately which made me start thinking about why I was feeling the way I was and this is apart of the conclusion I came to. Just felt like venting a little and having a casual conversation with some of you redditors. Would enjoy to hear some of your thoughts on the topic.

&#x200B;

EDIT: I appreciate all of the upvotes and comments. I will read them all tonight after work :)
.
We are watching Princess Bride, making cupcakes, and getting married in the morning.
Life is really good. As the title says, my future husband, and mother-, brother-, and sister- in law and I are preparing tomorrow's dessert while sipping rums and watching Princess Bride. The house is bustling and crowded and comfortably full. It has been a long journey here. 

I hope you are all having a good night, and wherever you are in your journeys, I hope you're doing well.

Edit: cupcakes are made, preperations are winding down. You have all expressed love, warmth, and good wishes, and given some amazing advice. Thank you all! I got out of the shower and am amazed at the response. I wish I could respond to all of you, but I'm going to try to get some sleep. Have a lovely weekend everyone! I'll update with pictures soon!

Edit 2: We are married! Everything has been absolutely perfect! Platinum, wow! I will go through and try to respond later, you guys are all the absolute best. Thanks to each and every one of you! I'm gonna go have a glass of Champaign!
.
BIG Thank you to THAT person in the Gym
In the last two weeks I've started going to the gym every other day after work, sometimes I'll pop in on a Saturday. When you start going around the same time consistently, you start seeing the same people pretty regularly.

I'm a pretty overweight and out of shape guy, so I had that feeling the first few times of "everybody is looking at me", and feeling intimidated because all these other people are in REAL good shape. 

My second time at the gym this guy walks by and stops, comes back as I'm resting between sets and shakes my hand, introduces himself. I introduce myself, he says "You're doing great, keep going." Taps my arm and leaves the area.

I've seen him every time I go to the gym during the week after work and noticed he's very friendly with the majority of the people in there. Always encouraging you if you walk by him. "You're doing GREAT! GREAT!" 

I just wanted to give a shoutout and thanks to the people in their gym who supports people. Who gives them encouragement and reaches out to make people more comfortable. 

.
Invited my quite college acquaintance for a dinner. Never seen him happier
We both recently graduated from a top university in a technical field. The whole batch was grilled day in day out. We formed small circles and he was always by himself because he  literally only study (in breaks he used to do research with professors).

I saw this post by u/spez about being a good friend to people, so, I decided to invite him to dinner. He was sooooo enthusiastic. 

Our conversation to decide the place and so on was basically him thanking me every other sentence. (He’s not the thanking type)

At some point I asked him if he wants anybody to come. I felt that I triggered that “you’re not fun, we need somebody else”. So, I told him that if HE WANTS someone specific we can invite and nobody else was in my mind except him. He thanked me so much.

I was like wow. This guy really needed this. Despite how technically orientated and how he looks at life. He was crazily thankful for me to hangout with him and him alone :)

Edit: Thank you very much stranger redditor for the silver :D

Edit 2: Whoah, Gold! You guys are WILD, thank you all so much ❤️

Edit 3: Twwwooo golds, ohhh damn man. Love you guys, I don’t know what I can give back to y’all :'D

Edit 4: Imma be real vulnerable rn, when I saw the Platinum it caught me off guard. I legit left my table at work and went to the bathroom to hold my teary eyes from bursting, and let it out there instead. I don’t deserve all this yo 😭

Edit 5: Another gold :')
.
I just called my Grandma and when she answered the first thing she said was, "well isn't this my lucky week??"
I realized that'd I'd been subconsciously "scheduling" calls with her - calling her regularly about once a week - but I had some extra time today and I called even though I just talked to her 3 days ago. 

I feel kinda like an asshole. I'm going to start calling her more. 

Also, can someone please comment on the morality of the following? Her memory is going and she carries a little notebook around with her to stay organized and is actually coping fantastically well considering her limitations because she is SO well organized AND cognizant of what her limitations are. So anyway she doesn't really remember if she paid the electric bill or not this month but she DOES remember where she wrote it down so she'll check if she's worried and that's that. Anyway sometimes when we're talking she'll start to tell me a story she's already told me and she'll say "Did I already tell you this story??" 

For example she'll be telling me (these details are fake) about the time her and my grandpa lived in Idaho and the fight he got into with a circus performer - and she'll stop and go "Did I already tell you this story??" And while she leads actually a surprisingly active lifestyle she still doesn't have 30-50 minutes of stuff to tell me 1x-2x a week so I lie like a dog and say "You've told me stories about you and grandpa living in Idaho but I'm not sure I remember this one about the circus performer, go on!!" Because I don't want to gas light my poor grandma whose memory is going -- but clearly she has some inkling that she might have told me this story before so I try to assuage her fears of boring me without also, well, gaslighting her...
.
So me and my gf having a hard time conceiving
I remember sitting in a restaurant in southern France with a coworker and feeling really jealous of the family sitting in the table next to us. They had two young kids, everyone was enjoying their saturday evening, laughing and what not. Me and my girlfriend had been trying for a while without success. I knew at least a part of the problem was my job of driving around Europe in a truck. Sitting all the time, eating and drinking trash, working day and night.

So I talked to my girlfriend about it on the phone the next day, she was symphatetic, she wanted a family too. We didn't have a lot of time together, as I was away for 8-9 weeks at a time. Eventually I quit driving as it was wreaking havoc on my health, I was severely overweight with heart problems. Worked a while near home, did massive hours for not much money, saw my gf even less than when I was working away, after a year and a half went to work abroad again.

So that was like six years ago. Yesterday my now-wife called me to let me know that our two sons of four and five are going to have a brother or a sister come new year :)

Life does get better. Much, much better.

&#x200B;

Edit: Thank you so much for everyones comments! Really makes the wait easier to be with my family again :)
.
TIL that TIL means "today I learned," not "true in life."
Spoiler alert: I'm an idiot.
.
BOTH my 1 year old son and my 3.5 yo autistic daughter called me "daddy" for the first time last night!
I've been bawling occasionally in private out of happiness all day. I've had kids for over 3 years and have never been called daddy before. My daughter was the most shocking! She is mostly non verbal. She is a great kid but generally, she rarely acknowledges anyone else. She typically goes weeks without saying a word, and for 1-2 weeks here and there will say 1 word now and then and stop using it. In terms of "unique words used in a week," she said more words when she was 1 than today, but she has said a sum total of more words since. Its just usually one off things for 1-2 weeks and then never again.  


We thought our son would drive her to talk. He is her opposite. He LOVES being social and the main reason he is an early walker is he wanted to chase his big sister around. Last night he suddenly looked at me and went, "daddy! daddy!" twice! He has said "cat" many times. I was having a really bad day and it made my week/month/year. I hugged him and said "daddy loves Leo, does Leo love daddy?" which is what I say a lot. And he goes, "daddy!"  


Literally ten minutes later my daughter casually looks at me and goes, "daddy! daddy!" and runs away. You have no idea what that did to my wife and I. I know my daughter loves me, I have no doubt. But she is such in her own world that it is easy to think she doesn't know you exist, even when you spend so much time around her.
.
Lyft and Uber drivers, be on the lookout.
One year in Los Angeles, I was driving til about 4am on New Years. I went to take my last fare, turned around in a parking lot, and saw two women there, clearly inebriated, one barely holding up the other. I stopped, opened my window, and asked if they were okay. The girl holding up her friend told me she thought her friend had been drugged, that her phone was dead and didn’t know how to get home. I cancelled my other ride, and proceeded to plot a course in Waze for their ride. Shortly after, a man came up to my window, extremely upset and drunk trying to get to the girls. I was pretty sure he was the one who drugged one of the girls, and was waiting for them. I called the police, he was arrested, and I drove them home. For Lyft and Uber drivers, please be on the lookout for this kind of thing. Be completely aware of your surroundings, and help those who might need it.

Edit: please, don’t leave your drinks unattended. And please keep an eye on your friends, especially the girls. It’s important. Love y’all. 
.
I’m falling in love in a healthy way for the first time in my life and it’s really beautiful.
After spending some much needed time single, I recently met an amazing guy. He is honestly one of the smartest, most kindhearted, and amazing people I’ve ever met. We’re both in a place in our lives where we’ve had a few relationships that didn’t work out, know what our roles were in the downfall of those relationships, and are ready to do this one right with everything we’ve learned about relationships from our mistakes in the past. 

We’re both in our mid-20s and share a feeling that we’ve both become an “adult” in the last couple of years. We’ve been 100% open and honest with each other so far, even when it’s tough, and it makes things so much better than trying to hide or omit stuff like we’ve both done/experienced in the past. I can’t wait to see how this one plays out.
.
Starting over at 50. Start my new job tomorrow.
I am getting divorced and have been a housewife for 5.5 years.  I start my new job tomorrow.  I will be managing an apartment building in Chicago and living on site.  Moving from a 3000sq ft home to a large studio but it will be mine.  I am excited about this new chapter in my life.
.
I upvote benign comments sitting at 0 or lower such as "Lmao" that usually get downvoted
So what a guy laughed at something, or they had a stupid question, or they misinterpreted the post. Why do people need to downvote just because of that? Let it sit at 1 people! Don't push someone down just because they aren't following reddiquette 100%! Ignore the post, explain what's happening, and clarify the posts meaning. I see so many people sitting at 0 or lower because they just made a comment that wasn't some astute observation, funny one liner, or deep explanation. Some people on here are from different countries, some people suck at communicating through text, and some people just aren't that bright.

And you know what? That last one irks me a lot! People are dumb, we're all really, really stupid at points in our lives. Sure you may be smarter than me, but I'm smarter than him, and that other guy is smarter than YOU! So does it really matter if someone said something stupid? Like in the grand scheme of things, does it matter? No, not really. So why mass downvote people? Why make them feel bad and make snarky comments over a question? Enlighten them! That way instead of having 1 stupid person who feels bad, you now have 1 slightly less stupid person who feels good. It just makes sense to me...

&#x200B;

Edit: I just wanted to say this got so much more of a response then I ever thought it would. I also want to say... Thank you everyone in this thread. I have seen nothing but positivity and empathy from people and it's given me such a new perspective. Some silent, awesome majority of people I never knew existed are all talking to me and sharing their thoughts. I think it's wonderful and it's made me very happy to interact with each and every one of you.
.
I finally told someone IRL how I truly felt and now am getting a therapist
For 17 years (am 17 years old, birthday coming in a few months) I have hid my dark thoughts, been dismissed for my condition's chronic pain, my loneliness, wanting to escape reality, etc, and now, I feel so relieved. I sobbed so hard in front of my psychiatrist and he said I was brave and to contact him or 911 if I ever reach that point. He recommended a therapist he thinks will match my personality. I just feel liberated even though it’s just the start of my journey to mental health recovery (my post history describes my two rare conditions and other minor physical problems that all created bottled up emotions and unwanted thoughts). I am ready to get better.
.
Does anyone else start typing a comment on reddit then halfway through end up discarding it and not bothering, almost every time?
I do this almost every time I start writing a comment. As if I just end up feeling like it’s not worth it or something. I literally almost did it with this post, lol. 
.
I appreciate people who don’t make you feel left out
Tonight, I hung out with my boyfriend and two of his friends, it was just a chill dinner with some Mario party. My boyfriend and his friends all went to the same high school, which was all boys. I went to an all girls high school. Also, they are all into pc and console gaming while I am not, though I do enjoy watching others play and have small interest in it. 

So tonight over dinner, all the guys were reminiscing over old gaming and school memories which I had no idea what they were talking about. But I didn’t feel left out at all since I was treated as a member of their conversation - if I’d ask questions in regards to stories or games, they would fill me in and explain so I could understand and appreciate what they were talking about. 

I cannot stress how appreciative I am. The fact that they put in effort just so I could follow a story when I could have just been left out and ignored. I’ve had previous encounters where, if I were out of the loop over a certain joke or event and I’d ask about what happened and what everyone else seems to be laughing about, I’d get ignored or be told “you don’t play (insert game here), you wouldn’t understand”. It would make me feel kinda sad hahah. 

So thank you to my amazing boyfriend and his great friends for making me feel very welcomed and included tonight, I’m so so super happy because of it :)) 

Edit: I’m so sorry about sloppy slow replies and that I haven’t been able to reply to everyone, exams are approaching soon! (Also I didn’t expect the post to get so much attention) Lastly, thank you for letting me share my slice of happiness here, it feels good to be able to express happiness and gratitude and get back support, stories and insight. You guys are such a lovely bunch of people ☺️
.
Don’t have anybody to tell
Hey Reddit! I just wanted to share that I got a 4.0 this semester! It’s my first semester away from home and at college. On top of that, I scored an internship at GE Aviation earlier this semester! Sorry if this breaks any rules but I couldn’t tell some other kids as I feel like it would come off arrogant. Thanks for listening!

Tl;dr: get a 4.0 and an internship as a first semester freshman. Can’t tell most of my friends without seeming arrogant.

Edit: MY FIRST PLATINUM!!! This day keeps getting better and better lol. Thank you very much kind stranger!

Edit: MY FIRST SILVER!!! This is unbelievable lol. Also crossed 1k upvotes for the first time. You people are truly the most amazing people!

Edit: MY FIRST GOLD!!! WOW! I just got all three of these awards for the first time! Thank you to all the kind strangers presenting these to me!!

Edit: I will update my post with my methods/ tips for studying and getting the internship as many of you have asked. It prob won’t happen today, but by the end of the week.

Cheers,

Jartopian 


.
Cards Against Humanity sent me $15
So, I contributed to the Cards Against Humanity Saves America thing a few weeks ago. Yesterday, I received my third envelope. Apparently I am one of the 10,000 poorest contributors to the campaign, so CAH sent me $15 to fight wealth inequality. lol. I'd like to take a moment to thank my career in social work for this $15.

So, CC anything cool and unexpected happen to you lately? 
.
It’s funny how a random interaction with a stranger can have an affect on you. Just got a random compliment in the food court of my local mall and I can’t stop beaming. As a guy, I rarely get one of these.
This is why you should expect the best in people.  I’m standing in Tyson’s Food Court waiting for my order when the following exchange happened with an older white woman (OWW):

OWW: Do you mind if I ask you a question?

ME: Sure? (trying to figure out what she’s up to?)

OWW: Do you know what we tell girls who wear pink?

ME: Not sure?

OWW: Pretty in pink

ME: Oh, okay (thinking is this woman crazy)

OWW: Now do you know what we call men who wear pink? (points at my SALMON colored shirt)

ME: Uhmm, nope (expecting something either homophobic/racist, or some sales pitch for a MLM scheme)

OWW: Handsome. Handsome in pink, but you would be handsome in any color.

ME: (blushing like crazy) Oh, thank you. 

And she walked away.  I swear with the current political climate it’s like we’re conditioned to expect the worst in people and even someone like myself, who generally likes to expect the best and tries to always give the benefit of doubt isn’t immune from the negativity.  Nice to be reminded of the inherent goodness in most people.
.
Just had my first kiss and can’t stop smiling :)
I, a male of 20 years of age just had my first kiss this evening. It was surreal, as if it wasn’t even happening until it was over. Now I’m sitting here stone dead tired and still shaking and smiling. Happy days!

Edit: Thank you everyone for your kind words it makes me smile reading each comment. Yes, I am straight so it was a girl! And to everyone still waiting, keep being yourself and the right person will come by for you!
.
My girlfriend and I accidentally started dating.
Just thought this was kinda funny. She is from Ukraine, so her English isn't perfect, but it's pretty good. We met on Tinder and went on a couple dates. We basically had this conversation:

> Her: "Do you want to date with me?"

> Me: "You mean do I want to date you?"

> Her: "Yeah"

And I said yes.

I thought it was kinda soon, I hadn't planned on asking her out for a little while, but I said yes anyway because that's where it felt like it was going. It seemed kinda silly to me to artificially say "no" when I had already planned on asking her at some point anyway. The next morning I updated my Facebook relationship status (because you know, life revolves around Facebook) and she accepted it. 

Well, turns out she wasn't asking me to be her boyfriend, she was just asking if I wanted to continue going on dates with her. She had met some previous guys on Tinder that ghosted her so she was just asking if I wanted to continue hanging out, basically. 

While I had thought that she asked *me* out, she thought I had asked *her* out in a really lame way by updating my Facebook relationship status, but said didn't think much of it and just rolled with it. She's pretty laid back, that's one of the reasons that I like her. 

I didn't find out this miscommunication for a while but now that I know, it's kind of embarrassing. Either way, we both just laughed at it, and now we're dating so that's pretty cool.
.
The United States of America has a population of approximately 324,000,000. Of those, the two people best suited to be the next President are Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton?
Name a random American you think would make a good President. It doesn't have to be anyone famous! 
.
I bought a Roomba.
Weird flex.

But I was kicked out of home at 16 years old, spent up until 24 years old living paycheck to paycheck and having a really shit quality of life.

I'm just about to turn 27 and while I was sitting on my couch last week I thought "I want to buy a Roomba."

So guess what I did. I went online, found the most feature filled Roomba I could. And bloody bought it. No guilt for spending. No guilt for its "unnecessary-ness". I just bought it. It arrived yesterday and it's so fucking cool.

It's the little things that really make you realise how far you've come.
.
Someone found our camp...
Around 5 years ago me and my friends were messing around down in our local woods. We stumbled across this old abandoned A-framed shelter that was clearly expertly done. Fixed together with zipties, had an old roasting spit above the fire place and even a stump sawn flat that formed a movable table.

Over the following 4 years we repaired and upgraded it untill it had ex military tents covering it for waterproofing, complete camoflage in the form of growing ferns on it and other things and even a fully clay fired pizza oven we made from scavanged stones and clay from the river. We've camped in there in thunderstorms, eaten some of the best food of my life down there and made memories that I will never forget.

Then one day it was gone, someone had come in and trashed the entire place. We were upset and angry but decided not to let it stop us and rebuild it somewhere new where they wouldnt find it. So after several weeks of searching we found a place. Not as good as the old one but still, not bad. We dug the ground up, started building stone walls to make it harder to break down and transferred important materials from the old camp to the new one.

However life caught up with us and we never finished, I went to uni, my friends got apprenticeships and other good jobs. We met our life parterners, moved away and one of us even has a baby on the way.  Then a couple of weeks ago while visiting my parents I decided to show my partner what we used to do and see if it was still standing. It was, and it had been repaired and upgraded. I asked my friends if it were them. They both said no and had no idea who it was. Someone out there stumbled on an abandoned shelter that was clearly expertly done...

I'm going to leave them a note with some old photos and a bit of history explaining how they're continuing a passion and pastime that has been going on in these woods for over half a decade at least, probably more. If you're reading this then enjoy your secret place and thank you for continuing our tradition, we hope it brings you as much joy and memories as it did us.

Yours sincerly, The Village Idiots; Mighty Mouse, The Munchie Kid and Elcorto

Edit: photos
The old camp https://imgur.com/gallery/h0QaJqy
Sadly more modern photos were corrputed  this wasn't its final form
The New camp, currently in progress https://imgur.com/gallery/wFWLqAr
.
I interrupted and berated a bully on the bus today. And I feel pretty good about it.
I'm a senior [in highschool] and on my bus home there's always little kids too. You know what they do during the winter, stealing hats and throwing them away, pushing snow into unsuspecting faces and so on. Most of the time it's harmless really but what happened today definitely crossed the line.
So they were all kind off playing around taking each other's hats and so on, I was just minding my own business. But then they kind of started targeting a single one and getting more straightforward.
I was already kind of alerted and honestly ready to step in as soon as the situation escalates which happened shortly after.
The boy needed to get off the bus but he still needed his hat so he grabbed for it and apparently scratched the other boy's hand or something so he pushed the boy to the ground which could have ended really badly. The fallen boy was obviously and visibly upset and when he went for his backpack the asshole boy wouldn't let go even after the bus had opened the doors. That's when I stepped in and i kid you not, the bully shat his damn pants. He was so scared and I was really mad because I could relate with the boy who was being bullied. I asked the group if they felt cool and specifically said to the bully boy that he should feel ashamed and that he was definitely not cool.
He turned completely red and didn't say a word for the rest of the ride.
It felt good. I could feel the adrenaline rush because it's hard for me to stand up to bullies. Even if they're younger and not my bullies but still.
Thanks lol
Edit: Thank you so much for the medals! First reddit silver, gold AND plat!
.
I just saw a dude walking around wearing a "Worlds Best Grandmother" sweater on. What little random things have made you instantly want to become friends with someone else?
I have spent all day wishing i had gone up and said hello or something, cause I feel like any guy who wears a sweater like that is bound to be awesome. 
.
I’m so lucky
My son turns 6 in a few weeks and has been asking for a Nintendo switch but at around £250 I just couldn’t justify it whilst already paying out £350 for him to take all his friends to a water park. 
Yesterday a colleague pointed out that a Nintendo switch was the top prize in a raffle in Work so I bought a ticket and have only gone and won it. He is going to be over the moon and I don’t have to cheap out on his party now. I’m so happy. 

Edit: Just a little update... we were in a shop today so I casually walked past the switches and he looked at one and gave a big longing sigh. I came really close to giving him it early. Not sure if my will power will last until September. 
.
A small insight into another culture.
I was just biking on my way to the barbershop, when I was pulled aside by a Jewish man coming out of a synagoge. He asked me to help him to fix a technical issue inside of the synagogue. Because it is saturday today, he himself couldnt do it because of the sabbat.

So I went inside to help him with it. But when I entered it, I felt really lucky and even somewhat honored to have a small insight into such a different culture. I could see a lot of things that I normally wouldnt be able to see. Since in my town, the hasidic Jews have a very closed community.

I think it is great that cultures can be so different and we can still help and respect eachother. Especially in this century where polarisation is such a big issue, I felt very humbled to have this man trust me and let me enter the synagogue. He even gave me some cake afterwards as a reward!

I know it sounds stupid, but these small intercultural interactions give me a lot of hope to build further towards an equal society where every culture -man and woman- get the respect they deserve!

Has anyone else felt the same? Or experienced something alike?

Edit: Wow, it is great to see so much great reactions and stories! This happened in Antwerp, Belgium btw. 

Ps: Thank you for the gold and platinum kind strangers!
.
Nobody gives a shit about you at the gym. Don’t fear like you’re an outsider of some club.
When I first started going to the gym, I was 155 lbs. i was scrawny, and weak, and I was so ashamed of what my bench would look like, or how much I was curling. The first few weeks started to feel so uncomfortable. But every week, I would start lifting more weight, my body weight increased, and I was seeing changes. I knew I must have been doing something right, so I didn’t feel as out of place. 

I have had a few people come up to me and offer advice. Like, what grip I should use for a certain pull, or stance/position techniques. I have never had a single person make a negative remark, not just to me but everyone. 

Years go by and I hit 220 lbs. I looked drastically different and now I wasn’t the scrawny kid learning it. And I see the same people I used to be every year; people that are so worried what others may think. And nobody cares! Well, nobody cares in a negative way. 

There is an exception. Everywhere has maybe 1-2 people who think they are the king of the gym, and scoff if you ask to use one of their 8 pairs of dumbbells they have hoarded around their flat bench. Fuck those people, and everyone at the gym hates them. They are so full of their own protein filled shit that they judge EVERYONE around them. So as long as you remind yourself that everyone else hates them and their opinion of anyone doesn’t mean squat, it’ll be easier. 

2018 was one of the worst years of my life, and I know it’s been a shit year for a lot of others. So make 2019 yours. If your goal is to lose weight or gain muscle, it’s your year. Don’t be scared of the gym. Make it yours. 
.
Does anyone else instead of emotionally eating when they get sad, they don’t eat at all and starve?
Whenever I get depressed or go through something tough, I tend to not eat. 

I feel like I don’t deserve the food. Like I’m not worth it. It sounds weird but that’s just how I am. 

I also lose my appetite as well. Just don’t want to eat.

I’ve never met someone like this. It’s usually the opposite. Anyone else like me? 


I just ended a relationship, and I’ve probably ate around 1200 calories the past two days (super low for me, I’m a young, tall male. I should be eating double that at LEAST)
.
I broke down and spent all day cleaning my apartment - and I learned how important cleaning is to mental health in the process.
Hello, all!

I share a 650 square foot apartment with my girlfriend and our two cats. We've been struggling with keeping our place clean despite living together for a year and a half. I'm a federal worker with a 3 day weekend for President's Day, and I promised her I'd buckle down and clean like crazy this weekend. Like I said, it's been a massive struggle to keep our place clean and organized.

I took a nap earlier this afternoon, promising myself I'd hit the gym afterward. I woke up, surrounded by garbage and chaos and said enough is enough. I skipped the gym, made myself a vodka and seltzer water drink, and went to work. Six hours later, our place is unrecognizable. Even now, well past midnight, I'm still getting out of my seat and cleaning. I spent ALL EVENING doing laundry, taking up trash, organizing, and within the last hour I've mopped and vacuumed just to get it out of the way.

Tomorrow will have its own set of challenges...mainly continuing to mop/vacuum and tackling dishes, but I've gotta say, I've felt like I'm in a rut for the last several weeks and beginning to clean and organize has helped me realize how IMPORTANT it is to have a clean living space, especially when you struggle with mental illness like my girlfriend and I do. I'm actually excited to continue tidying up tomorrow, because I feel like a new man right now being able to look around and being free of clutter.

Just felt like sharing a small victory. Today has been a huge step for me defeating my own laziness.

EDIT: I don't have before/after pictures. But I appreciate the positive response here so the least I could do is add a few after photos. This is just of the master bedroom, which needed the most cleaning.

[https://imgur.com/a/rY1RQ7S](https://imgur.com/a/rY1RQ7S)

[https://imgur.com/a/EOdPO4m](https://imgur.com/a/EOdPO4m)

[https://imgur.com/a/O71XgGk](https://imgur.com/a/O71XgGk)

[https://imgur.com/a/ECTiVZU](https://imgur.com/a/ECTiVZU)
.
Twelve years ago today, when I was 25, I joined Reddit. I'm 37 now.
George W Bush was still president. I had, a year or two before, met the man with whom I would have a painful 7 year marriage. I was still profoundly sick as I had been since early puberty with a serious, rare iillness that hadn't been diagnosed yet. I had not yet made a single piece of jewelry; I've now been a silversmith for 9 years and made thousands.

Most of those intervening years between my first day here and today were terribly difficult. I was very ill and mostly homebound. As I had been for so long I remained an anxious, frightened, isolated person. 

In 2007 I married and then chose for 7 years to stay married to a man whose unwillingness to compromise, cruelty to me especially when I was ill, and hundreds of days of complete cold shouldering were absolute and unyielding. I've looked back many times since and have never totally understood why I stayed so long.

A year after I joined Reddit the iPhone was first released.

ln 2009 I received a diagnosis for my rare disorder and in 2012 a doctor found the treatment regimen that began to give me more of a normal life than I had imagined I would ever have. I became less anxious and less isolated as I grew strong enough to gain independence.

In 2011 the final Harry Potter film was released and Osama bin Laden was killed.

In 2014 I divorced my first husband, the most emotionally painful thing I have ever experienced. My life as I'd known it was in every way demolished and I had to begin again.

When I was 33 I had spent most of my life very ill and most of my adult life in a painful relationship that ended in a lonely, impoverished, dismantled existance. Despite that I had found great joy in silversmithing, which I began learning in 2009, I was never well enough to turn it into a real career. And I would never be a mother, something I badly wanted to experience.

I was tired, and it felt as if I was probably fated to a permanently difficult life. I found it hard to imagine being able to make it through decades more of the emotional and physical suffering I had experienced already.

In 2015 I met an endlessly kind, deeply affectionate, smart, goofy man and we quickly became infatuated. He quieted his own demons with alcohol and some drugs, the major source of stress between us.

Still, I moved away from my hometown for the first time, with him. I never had thought I'd be able to live away from my parents who had often had to care for me into my 30s.

My world expanded. I traveled by plane and to a new state for the first time since childhood. I rode a horse. I learned to sit with the dying, and became certified as an end of life doula. A lifelong northerner, I was surprised to come to adore my new southern city.

Barack Obama completed two presidential terms between my joining Reddit and now.

My boyfriend's drug use became too serious for me to handle and we broke up even though his kindness towards me had never once wavered. That night knew I would be alone. It figured that I had done a terrible job at choosing a partner again and it seemed natural my life would come to ruins again. I was certain I would move home to care for my parents as they aged, live in relative solitude and never be a mother.

He changed his mind 24 hours later and joined a rehab and therapy program. It was like a switch was flipped.  It seemed he had become a man overnight.

In 2016 the Cubs won the World Series and Donald Trump won the presidency.

Over the last 12 years, after a desperately lonely childhood and early adulthood, I finally found incredible, wise, fascinating women friends.

In 2017 my husband and I were married in a beautiful, intimate, sunny backyard wedding, joined by the people we loved most.

In January of 2018 our adopted infant son was placed in our arms for the first time.

I still do not have a real career. I will never be entirely free of the symptoms of my genetic disease (which I chose not to pass to a child).  We aren't wealthy and our child still doesn't sleep through the night. There will be hard times ahead I know. And yet the last two years have been the most joyful, loving, unexpected, affectionate, magical years of my life. I never, absolutely never, thought I would experience sustained, rich happiness such as I have these years. I love my spouse and his unending affection, I love my beautiful son infinitely. I love my simple life.

That is what 12 years looks like.
.
I never realised people 'pay it forwards' in real life. Today a stranger paid for my cancer head shave
I have lymphoma. I also am a girl in my early twenties, and all my life my long dark hair has been my most identifying feature. I have been distraught at the prospect of losing my hair (more so than actually having cancer), since my hair has always been very very long and thick. As most girls do I've struggled with hating my appearance, and my hair was something that was always easy to maintain and love, and often the only thing I ever liked about myself. It was so easy to hide behind, and became my security blanket. So what if I felt or looked awful, my hair was beautiful and people would notice that before they noticed my perceived flaws.

Anyway. I had my hair cut to about shoulder lengtj, but it was matting into dreadlocks and falling out on massive clumps. I went to the local barbers and asked for a haircut. The first few places turned me down as 'they only cut mens hair'. Yeah but I want a 'mens' haircut? I felt pretty flustered at this point, as this horrible experience was already becoming more awkward and difficult than necessary, but managed to find a third barber shop.

There was a customer getting his hair cut by a barber, and a different barber waiting by reception. The free barber asked why I wanted to cut my 'beautiful hair', and I awkwardly stammered out that I had cancer and pointed to the bald patches that were forming. He was very kind and helped recommend lengths that would best hide the bald patches and asked me about my treatment and how I found out I was ill, and I told him. 

The other customer was paying and he said he would like to pay for my haircut, as he couldn't help over hearing my conversation with the barber, and he hoped I got better soon. He said his daughter was around my age and also had long hair which she loved. It was so unexpected and generous it moved me to tears, I was so surprised and grateful. The barbers also recommended some pomade to help style my short hair and refused payment for the pomade, and told me to come back if I needed another cut. I left and cried in my car for about ten minutes. I've been struggling a lot with the whole cancer thing, and the generosity and kindness of these strangers really touched me and made me feel seen and valued. 

I am not in the US, and have always associated 'paying it forwards ' with Americans paying for other people's coffees in Starbucks. As a non coffee drinker I've never really thought about it but the sheer simple kindness had really cheered me up a lot. I will definitely try to be more aware of ways I can make a positive difference to strangers in the future! 



Tldr - I am 24f and have an almost unhealthy reliance on my long hair. I need it cut off due to chemo and it falling out in clumps which is distressing. A stranger over heard me talk about my cancer and paid for my haircut, and the barber was very kind and did not charge me for some pomade.
.
Today is my 10th anniversary of quitting smoking
Ten years ago today I smoked my last cigarette.  I was at work and I asked my coworker for a cigarette.  He gave me one and I pointed at the clock and said “It’s 4pm now this is my last one!”  I never looked back.  I even inspired my coworker into quitting.

Edit: Wow! I am absolutely blown away from all your thoughtful comments.  I commend those who expressed that they are just starting to quit.  Quitting is hard especially with all the stress and pressure we come across in our daily lives.  I feel as each milestone we reach in our journey should be celebrated in some way.  Yesterday I went on a nice hike with my daughter to celebrate.  

Thank you all for your kind words and support.
.
Coffee noob here. Just had an embarrassing realization.
So I recently started college. Prior to the start of the semester, I had never tried coffee. I thought I should give it a chance and have been trying several types to try to find something I like.

Almost all the types I tried were disgusting. It tasted nothing like it smelled, making me think that perhaps I was fighting a losing battle. Then I discovered the coffee they were serving at the cafeteria.

When I first tasted it,  I was in heaven. This wasn't the bitter, gag-inducing liquid I had been forcing myself to gulp down; in fact, it hardly tasted like coffee at all. I knew this creamy drink lay on the pansy end of the spectrum, but I saw it as my gateway drug into the world of coffee drinkers.

I tried to look up the nutrition information so I could be aware and better control my portions. It was labelled as 'French Vanilla Supreme' on the machine, but I could only find creamer of that name. I figured that was just the name the school decided to give it. 

I was just sitting down thinking about all the things that didn't add up: its taste and consistency, the fact that it didn't give me a caffeine buzz, the fact it was served in a different machine than the other coffee and wasn't even labelled as coffee. All this lead to my epiphany--- that I haven't been drinking coffee at all; I've been drinking 1-2 cups of creamer a day. I feel like an idiot. 

tl;dr: Tried to get into coffee, ended up drinking a shit ton of creamer
.
Anyone else randomly lose their sense of reality?
I find myself overthinking a simple subject until I cannot comprehend the subject anymore. The best way I can really describe it is through an example. 

Earlier today I was having a normal conversation with my SO (significant other) about what we wanted to eat today. Very normal conversation..but after she had walked off I started wondering what that conversation was like in her head. What do I look like to her? What is the first thing she looks at when she turns to me? The thought of seeing myself outside my body as if I was another person just made me forget reality for just that second. Other examples include technology and other variants of that. I sit here trying to understand the process of how voices and instruments can go from being played live, to a carved disk and a needle, to a link I clicked on.. man it makes me trip out and I just don’t feel real if I think on it too long. 

..I think this might be related to staring at a word for so long it looks fake. 

Anyway, how do you guys lose your sense of reality? 



Edit: Is this when I say I didn’t expect expect for this to take off like it did? Wow! There are so many responses and I unfortunately only got to a couple when I had originally posted this (I may have fallen asleep) and I must say I’m so excited to go through your comments. 

I’ve seen about a quarter of the comments referring to this as Derealization or Depersonalization: 
 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Derealization

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Depersonalization

And I just want to thank everyone who did bring that to my attention. I had no idea so many people have gone through the same thing. I’ve seen some comments referring to a point in their life where this was happening frequently but has changed over a period of time. It’s definitely amazing to see how different but similar your experiences are. 

Thank you all so much for contributing! 
.
Don't really have anyone in my life to share the good news with, so here goes.. I GOT A JOB!
For the first time in 2 years I am employed!

I was finishing my degree until just a few months ago, and for most of my time in school I wasn't able to find a job since I lived in an area that was oversaturated with unqualified students looking for hourly work at restaurants and such. Then these past SIX months I've been legitimately too sick to even consider working.. until literally just a few days ago!!

I've been going through very expensive and invasive tests these last few months and we're finally starting to figure out what's wrong with me, and I'm finally on medication that helps. For less than a week now I've been pain free and able to live my life like a normal healthy person, which is already so incredible for me since I'd forgotten what it felt like to feel capable and self reliant.

Just a few days ago I decided to go ahead and apply for a job at a nice restaurant up the street, but I wasn't getting my hopes up since I've gotten so used to being rejected from all the jobs I've applied to these past few years. But just yesterday I was interviewed and officially offered the job, and I start next week!

I haven't been this happy in such a long time that I don't even remember. I'd completely lost faith in myself and now I actually feel OPTIMISTIC for my future, maybe for the first time ever. Which is kind of scary and unfamiliar. I even baked a huge cake today! I'm just so happy to be employed that I start crying when I think about it :')

EDIT: WOW I was gone for Easter and just logged back in, and I am so amazed and grateful at how much positive support I'm getting!! Thank you all so much, I've been going through a tough time lately not having any friends and being sick all the time, and I feel a lot less alone now, as silly as that might sound. You guys are the best :)
.
My grandma recognized me today
Last year my only living grandma fell and broke her leg. After surgery she fell ill and was never able to make a full recovery and it took its toll on her mind, escalating the situation from a "simple broken leg" to a full set of senile dementia.

Since she climbed on that bed after surgery she never was able to sit anymore, which means that she's confined on her own bedroom. Since I'm her neighbor I'm always on her house talking to her, but she's delusional every day and do not recognize us anymore (she always refer to me or my mother as other people from the past that her mind makes her remember). But today was different!

I entered her bedroom to visit her as usual and, for the first time, she looked at me and smiled as if saying "I know who you are". I decided to ask her if she knew who I was and the answer was "Yes, you're my grandson" and she said my name! For the first time it felt as if I had my grandma brought back to me again and we chatted for a couple hours. We talked about life and about our past together, she talked how she was proud of me, that I became a fine young man and that she hoped to see me achieve success in life. She even complimented me for letting my hair grow!

When I was leaving, as I waved her goodbye, she looked at me and said "please come visit me again so we can talk more" and it broke me inside knowing that she may not remember me at all tomorrow but it doesn't matter: I promised her that, as she took care of me when I was young, I'll take care of her and be with her until the end.

Above all I can say to you that, today, of all days, was a good day.

&#x200B;

Edit: there are so many comments that I fear that I may not be able to answer everyone. But I want to thank you all for the kind words of encouragement I received, it means a lot to me in this moment. From the bottom of my heart I thank you all!

And for those who are going through similar situations I wish you all the best. Be strong and never lose hope!
.
For once I'm handling all my sh*t like an adult!
👏 I'm about to move out of my ex's house. 

👏 I got my own apartment and I paid rent. 

👏 I got a great internship going.

👏 I got 1 job.

👏 I GOT 2 jobs.

👏 I'm planning smart for the future. 

👏 I'm prioritizing school. 

👏 And the best part is: I'm not depressed about any of it! 🙌
.
My 2YO daughter said I love you for the first time
Basically what the title says. We were walking around the neighborhood and I say, "Mama loves you." She says, "I wub yew." It melted my heart, especially when she gave me that big ol' grin when she said it. I know she probably doesn't "get it," but it still meant a lot to me. She's my first kid, may very well be my only kid. I still don't know if I'm doing this whole parenting thing right. I didn't exactly have great examples growing up. But . . . I don't know. Hearing her say it made me feel like I was maybe doing something right. I hope I am. She's a great kid. (Yes, even at 2 haha.)

Now, if you'll excuse me, I have to go back to crying about this.

Edit: wow RIP my inbox but man I'm crying again from everybody's messages! All of you are so amazing and deserve all the good things. <3 Also thanks for the silver, kind stranger.
.
My boyfriend is currently having a fight with Alexa
He thinks I'm still asleep and I can hear him having a fight with Alexa. While he was in the kitchen he asked her to play Tom Petty on Spotify and she responded with her usual "Playing songs by Tom Petty from Spotify" and then she didn't. Then I heard him storming from the kitchen into the living room shouting "No you're not you lying bitch!". 
It's like we live with a moody teenager sometimes, this has made my morning and I cannot stop laughing!

Do you use Alexa? If so what craziness have you found yourself doing because of her?
.
I just paid off my Student Loans!!
It feels so good to type/shout this!

# I paid off my student loooooans!

Ahh...that felt good. It's been about 4-5 years since I started my debt reduction plan and this last 2 years it really has been moving quickly. And now I just clicked "confirm payment" on the Payoff Loan button. Lookout next debt, here comes a snowball!

&#x200B;

Edit: A Gold?! Wow thank you so much. I hope this post helps others be inspired to get rid of their debts. I'm not done yet, but so far it's a great feeling. Thank you everyone, and thanks again for the gold! Much appreciated.

&#x200B;

Edit 2: Thank you for the Silver too. This is amazing. I hope this post helps a lot of people. I am getting a lot of "any advice and how did you do it" comments. I'll try to share how I started my process so you all can too.

***Advice***

[Whats the cost](http://www.whatsthecost.com/snowball.aspx) is the site I used to enter all my debts and how much I was paying to all of them. Once you enter all of that, toggle between Balance and Interest first, to see what is best for you. For me, Balance first saved us a few thousand, plus at the time it was hard to be paying to a debt for years to have it still be there. Even if you pay a few grand more over 5, 6, 10 years. Seeing the number of debts you have get less and less is a great reward and feeling. Otherwise, you are getting your debt reduced by dollar amount, but the number of debts are still there and it feels like you're getting nowhere. That being said, I like to pick Balance first, but everyone is in a different situation, and it may be best for you to pick Interest first.

Now that you have a debt reduction plan, don't forget to update it! New debts come up sometimes (like car problems). Redo your debt reduction plan when needed. I have updated mine about 10 times in the last 5 years. Half of those changes where because I put 90% of my tax return towards debt. Taking thousands off a debt in one go. So, don't forget to redo your debt reduction plan when needed.

Next, know your finances (what's going in & out). Before I would get a check, put it in my account and pay bills, go out to eat, whatever. Having to check my account afterward to see if I had any money left or if I spent too much. Once I got my Debt plan set up, I then talked to my wife and financial advisor through my credit union (for free) and came up with how I manage my money now. I found a video last year that really summarized what I do with my bank account and how I know how much money I have each week. Here it is - [How to Properly Manage Your Money Like the Rich | Tom Ferry](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wJB90G-tsgo) \- Watch this 18 min video and you will understand how I have my account setup. I'll come back to this in a second.

Next, I made a Google Sheet (or use Excel). I look at my bank account to see what the lowest average of my last 5 or more checks was. I use that per check (biweekly) $# and use it for all my calculations. Now I take all, and I mean ALL of my recurring bills each month and list them. I take the monthly amount and divide it by 2 (in the sheet multiply by .5) to get a per check amount. Yearly bills divide by 24 to get biweekly. Total all of the per check amounts (in sheets =SUM) and have that go to a line (labeled Bills) that subtracts from my lowest check amount.  Next, I figure out how much I need for groceries each week. For me $120 per check, and have that subtract from my every check. Next, I put \~$50 into savings each check as well. Lastly, I put a line item(s) for my debts to come out of my check. So my google sheet looks like this:

&#x200B;

|Lowest Biweekly Check|$1,000|
|:-|:-|
|||
|Bills|\-$300|
|Groceries|\-$120|
|to Savings|\-$50|
|Debt1|\-$200|
|Debt2|\-$100|
|Debt3|\-$130|
|||
|To Spending (whatever is left of check goes here)|$100|

&#x200B;

Lastly, coming back to that video, I go to my credit union and have them make a bunch of accounts (checking and savings) under my one account. I then change the names of the accounts from "Checking 1, Savings 1, Savings 2..." to match the above "Bills, Groceries, Debt 1....and Spending" I have the bank set up my account so when my check is deposited into my checking, it automatically sends the amounts I have listed in my Google Sheet go to each account or loan it needs to. So a lot of my debt reduction and budgeting is automatic. Spending and Bills are checking accounts with their own debit cards. Recurring bills use the Bills account card number while I carry around the Spending Debit card to use for gas, going out to eat, whatever. After all my deductions come out of my Google Sheets calculations the remaining amount of my check goes into my Spending account, this lets me know how much I have each week to spend (about $100 a week for me). If I work more hours, more money shows up in Spending. Which I put extra towards a debt or I get myself a treat.  Again this needs to be updated a lot as bills and debts change. If my spending line item in Sheets ever is a Negative number, I know I need to cut some things out (like Hulu, or get a cell bill deal, remove cable TV...) to make it a positive number.

&#x200B;

This process has helped me and my family for the last 5 years. Hope this helps anyone who reads it.
.
Today is 3 years since i quit cigarettes cold turkey. I now know what a rose smells like
Kinda hokey but 3 years ago today I made the unplanned and impulse based choice to quit smoking cold turkey. I truly believe that is the way to do it. I say this as ive smoked pretty heavily and quitting was honestly not that bad. Not nearly as dreadful as I've always heard it to be. Maybe the planning, anticipation, weaning, and nicotine alternatives are what make the quitting process so torturous. A side note to this is I've always seen people smelling flowers and I never understood it and dismissed it as wier d behavior as they always smelled like nothing. The other day I walked past a grocery store floral dept and was hit with a something I never smelled before. Grabbed one and I could smell it for the first time i can recall. I guess my sense of smell finally returned.
.
I hate going through a drive thru, and their only menu is right at the speaker, but they immediately ask what you want.
Unless you're in n out, which has a very, very limited menu, put a menu further back in the line so we're ready when pulling up to the speaker. Don't make me sit at the speaker and read the entire menu in 5 seconds.
.
After Years of Trying, I’m Pregnant!
I just peeled myself off the bathroom floor, where I was ugly-happy crying. My husband is away this weekend and I had to tell someone! Obviously it’s very early and I should probably try to keep my emotions in check until it’s confirmed with a doctor, but a part of me believed I would never see those two pink lines. 

Who’s got ideas on how to break the news to my husband when he gets home, other than stampeding him when he walks through the door? 

Edit/update: holy crap, my first gold! Thank you, kind stranger! Like any good pregnant woman, my emotions are all over the place and reading all of these responses is making me tear up. I will update again when he gets home :D

Edit/update #2: the guy who drove him home came in with him for a few minutes, so the stampede was out, sadly. After the other guy left this is how hubby found out we are expecting...

Me: so, remember how we’ve talked about doing the bourbon trail? I was thinking this weekend that maybe we could do that for your birthday

Hubby: yes!

Me: but, I’m actually not sure we should do that

Hubby: why, do you think you’re pregnant?!

Me: I know I am, I got a positive test this morning!

Hubby: what?! This is so great! Yay!! (Comes over to kiss me) but wait. Why can’t we go to Kentucky? Now I have a DD!

Thanks for all the encouragement and fun ideas & stories, everyone! We are so excited! 
.
My physiotherapist fixed my malpositioned lumbar vertebra. It caused me pain for YEARS and made my life miserable.
TL;DR: Constant pain, physiotherapist gave me the crack, very satisfying, am happy, gonna have a life again.

I cannot really express the relief and anger I feel. For more than three years I had issues with my lower back. It started with me not being able to move in certain directions anymore. When I asked my doc, he said that was normal, I was just getting old or whatever. (I was 18 back then!) One year ago, the pain started. I could not sit for more than 30 mins at a time. We tried all the chairs, nothing worked. I got foot orthotics, didn't help. Physiotherapy didn't help. I stopped playing volleyball and instead learned proper swimmig technique. Swimming helped a bit, but only temporarily. Then, the injuries started. There were at least ten of them: I bent over, and pain shot through my entire body. I could not stand, sit, or sleep for at least a day when this happened; I was forced to just lie in bed and cry. The pain was terrible. Moreover, I was scared that I might need surgery because so many people who had surgery said it only made their problems worse.

I cannot describe how much my life has changed during the last three years. Everything I did revolved around not making my back worse. I did not go out because I could not sit or stand for any longer than an hour at best. Going to lectures at my university was making everything so much worse, so I basically only did a minimum of what I was required to, even though I love my studies to death! I went swimming at least every second day, but I couldn't go there by bus because sitting. I ate dinner standing in the kitchen, not being able to sit down with my boyfriend. It took so much time from me. My entire energy was drained from dealing with the pain on a daily basis. I lost weight and my friends said I looked miserable.

A few months ago, I found out that my spinal disc was damaged and bulged. I wanted to cry. How did this happen? What did I do wrong?! The doc prescribed another round of physiotherapy. I was supposed to build muscle to help support my lower back. Like I didn't already to this shit every day of my life!!!

My (new) physiotherapist, however, had different plans. In the first session, he noticed from the way that I lifted my legs that I had, what he called, a "blockage". It wasn't an actual blockage, he said - just a malposition of my vertebra. Instead of mainly building muscle, I got three sessions of massages and had to do a certain kind of stretch at home. After my fourth session of getting a massage, he twisted my back. It's hard to describe - I had to lie on my side and he pushed my upper body over. The sessions before that, this really hurt, but that fourth time, I did not feel pain. So he pushed a little further. My back: "CRACKKKKKKK".

Oh god. It was so SATISFYING. So incredibly satisfying! He did this for both sides. And that was the end of my malpositioned vertebra. Finally fixed, after years. I had to lie there with a warm pad and do stretches afterwards, and I still have to be very careful with my back so to not cause the malposition again. My body felt wobbly for the rest of the day. Now, two days later, my pain is completely gone. I can move my body in ways I could not for years, no problem. I want to cry. I can finally get better now. I can finally get back to having a life again!

Sorry for this essay! I just cannot keep myself from telling everyone what happened. I can finally leave this shit behind. Thanksie for listening! :)

EDIT: As many people thankfully pointed out, my description of what the hell actually happened to my back was wildly inaccurate. To quote u/AlphaBearMode: "What you're referring to is called a spinal manipulation. Chiropractors refer to them as adjustments. Physiologically, it's very unlikely that your physical therapist or any chiropractor for that matter actually repositions bones when they do spinal manipulations. The neurophysiological effect of a manipulation is what causes the pain relief. There may be joints that are "stuck" because of soft tissue or joint capsule restrictions, which associated with pain lead to muscle guarding, which then lead to restricted range of motion. A manipulation is designed to relieved that restriction thereby causing improved range of motion. However, there is no substantial change in bone positioning."

I'm sorry for having drawn such a whacky picture of what my PT did to my back. Also, I want to note that my problems are not all miraculously cured; I'm extremely sorry if I made you all hopeful if you are suffering from back pain yourself. There is still much work to be done from my side. This entire experience was still remarkable to me, though - mainly because I got to experience the sheer possibility of living pain-free, which I thought might not exist. So: If you suffer from pain like I do, I'm sorry if I gave you false hope. But don't let that make you feel down, either! Every pain is different, but I'm positive we can all get better if we keep on looking for solutions. :) Stay strong!!! <3
.
I'm coming up on 10 years free from my addiction to crystal meth
Well, where do I start?

My teenage years were a very dark time, I was arrogant and selfish. I began to experiment with drugs including synthetic cannabinoids and bath salts.
To make a long story short, I had burned bridges with everyone who loved me and became addicted to methamphetamine. I spent the better part of 2011 homeless and high to the point where my body was literally deteriorating. An 18 year old boy weighing in at a shocking 108 pounds. My grandparents took me in and I still was acting like a damn fool.
Finally, at the beginning of 2012, my dad moved to Texas and offered to take me with him. I was so tired of scrounging for dope and being ruled by a substance to the point that it was literally killing me so I agreed to go with him to separate myself from any connections I had to meth.
It was a long and hard road to not only kicking my addictions but also growing up.

I sit before you here and now, haven't touched the stuff in nearly a decade(9+ years) and I have a beautiful wife and 2 wonderful children, my own car and my own house.

Looking back, my eyes well with tears to remember what I had become and the things I did. I am filled with pride knowing that I beat my crippling addiction.

I am so happy to be here, today.


Edit: Thank you so much for my first silver! This is so encouraging! I did not expect so much positive feedback!

Edit: Wow my first gold and silver on one post. You guys, the flood of encouragement and love I'm getting from y'all is too good to be true. I'm tearing up right now as I write this. Thank you so much!

Edit: Now my first platinum. This is so encouraging. Thank you so much for all of your kindness. Each and every one of you.
.
How 5 year old me was vegan for 23 hours and 57 minutes
Back when I was just a young boy of 5 years old, my teacher spent an entire afternoon teaching our class about being vegan and about how good it is for the environment and whatnot.

So when I came home, fully indoctrinated of course, and my parents and I sat down for dinner, I had something important to announce. 

The conversation went like this:

Me: *"mom, dad, I've got something to tell you."*

Parents: *"alright buddy, what's up?"*

Me: *"starting tomorrow, I'm going to be a lesbian for the rest of my life."*

Parents (with raised eyebrows): *"oh...? A lesb... Aha... Well, whatever floats your boat!"*

Me: *"yup, it's true, this dinner will be the last meat I ever eat!"*

When my parents, after a couple of microseconds of exchanging confused looks, realised I mixed up the words 'vegan' and 'lesbian', they were *almost* literally rolling on the floor laughing.

The next day my mom made grilled chicken, French fries, and a **huge** salad (because as a vegan, the salad and French fries would be the only thing I'd eat); my favorite meal. 

Needless to say I didn't last long, and after 3 minutes of intensely staring at that grilled chicken, I caved in, and that was the end of my 23 hour and 57 minutes of being a lesbian/vegan.
.
I can't watch shows like "The Office" because I get too embarrassed for the characters. Does anyone else do this?
What is that even called? Just empathy? Like I know if you watch something gory you can get sympathy pain. Sympathy embarrassment?


Edit: So it looks like a lot of other people have this issue too. It's nice to know I'm not weird - or at least not alone in my weirdness. I can't possibly reply to everyone but I've been looking over my inbox; some replies are insightful, others just conversational. The thing I want to point out though is that there are hundreds of comments here and not ONE is negative or telling me how much I suck or describing my mother's sex life. I wanted to say thank you for that. It's very uncommon online in my experience and I hope it stays that way. This sub really is something special.
.
I kept a baby from going to surgery today
I'm a radiologist, and this is my weekend to work. 14 hours Friday, Saturday and Sunday. It's a non-stop flogging. I've been feeling fairly burned out lately. You spend all day reading films, and some days you sit back and think, "I haven't helped anyone today." I missed opening day of little league yesterday and my boy's first t-ball game. I was feeling pretty low. 

Today, they brought in an 8 month old baby with  [intussusception. ](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Intussusception_(medical_disorder)) As a radiologist, I get the opportunity to fix the problem. I have to do an enema to try to get the colon back into normal position. We typically try three times, and if we're not successful, the surgeons take over and open them up. 

I did my three tries, and got it about 95% fixed, but it has to be 100%. I looked at the surgeon, and he agreed to keep going. On the fourth try, the baby's belly was so distended. He was crying, my tech got sprayed in the face with contrast (very sticky and coming from the baby's butt) and I think the surgeons were getting ready to make the calls to get the OR ready. All of a sudden, BAM!, the contrast went where it was supposed to go and the problem was fixed!  No surgery!  The baby was suddenly quiet because it no longer hurt. The surgeons cheered because they didn't have to cut. Even the tech that was sprayed with dirty contrast was happy ( she said she'd wear it with pride today). 

This is the best day I've had in a long time and I really needed it.  I actually had to go back to my office to shed a little tear out of happiness. 

Now, back to work. Let the flogging resume. 


Edit:  Thank you for the gold and silver. 

I made this post because I was very happy about being able to avoid sending the baby to surgery. I see studies all the time that are knee-jerk "send them to surgery" cases.  I thanked my team a lot for their help, and I will certainly speak to their supervisor tomorrow.  

I realize that my reports are important, even my reports that have no acute findings. Being a radiologist, I seldom get to "lay hands" on a patient and even less often haveł such a positive outcome. So often, when I do deal directly with patients, it's too give bad news (I'm sorry, the fetus has died or I'm sorry, but I really think this is breast cancer, etc).   Seeing the relief on the baby's face when the intussusception was reduced was awesome. That baby had gone through a rough night and hadn't slept much. Two minutes after we were finished, the baby was sound asleep. 

I appreciate everyone's comments. There are no heroes here. Just a group of people doing what they are trained to do and honestly trying their best to do what's right for this child. Fortunately, this time we succeeded. 
.
My daughter's first experience in a Uber.
After a night of drinking with my co-workers at our yearly staff party, I take a Uber home. Well the next day me and my daughter, who is 6, had to get to school. I order us a Uber to get to my car. We are standing outside waiting on the driver and she says mom, where's your car? I inform her it is still at my job and we were waiting on a ride to go get it. Our driver arrives and we're on the way to my car. The driver had a envelope where you can put cash tips in, So I do so and this is where all my daughter's questions began. She said mom, why did you just put money in your friends car? I tell her this guy isn't my friend, she then questions me if he's my boyfriend. After assuring her this guy wasn't by boyfriend, I explain to her that we were in a Uber, and it's a car service that gives rides where you need to go. After being dropped off at my car she processed to ask if the driver was a stranger, I said, well yes because technically he was. That was a BAD idea. My 6 year old goes all motherly on me saying. "You always say not to talk to strangers or get in their cars. Why did we do that, something bad could have happened to us. I could have never seen you again." This continue for about 5 minutes. At that point I didn't know what to say because she was right lol. I let her know that in that situation only it was okay. I am mom and I know what I'm doing. 

If you made it this far I hope you got a good laugh out of this. I know I did. Thanks for reading.

UPDATE: I first like to say thank you to those who understood what my post way about.  I also want it to be know that my daughter isn’t like most 6 year old, she has some learning disabilities that effect her ability to retain information, unless it’s something we speak frequently about. Secondly she wasn’t in the Uber by herself at 6 years old, and she didn’t go with me to my staff party. This was the first and second time I have ever used a Uber. I don’t go out very often so it’s not something I thought I needed to explain. I have however taken some of the advice and informed her on the security features of using Uber. I’m not a perfect parent but I do my best. Thanks to everyone for the kind comments.
.
My husband just ran upstairs where I was writing an essay. He was holding a loaded bong and a loaded bubbler, which he set down on the table in front of me. He ripped off his pants and shirt and yelled, “Sunday Funday motherfucker, let’s go!”
Do you ever just look at somebody and remember why you fell in love with them in the first place? Why you have continued to stay with them through all the bullshit? What reminds you of why you chose them?

This. This is why. I’m so glad I married this man. This essay won’t write itself and I might regret putting it off another day, but it can wait. I’d rather spend this time with my love. It’s Sunday Funday motherfuckers, let’s go! 




Update: I just want to say thank you to everyone for your kind words! I did not expect this post to be upvoted as much as it has been, but it's been so much fun reading all your comments and stories. I love to read them! The vast majority of the comments here have been positive, with only a few Negative Nancy's trying to put us down for enjoying natural medicine. My husband made me crack up laughing when he did this. I had been focused on school work for the entire day and he knew I didn't have any more assignments due by midnight and I was just trying to work on the essay to get a little ahead of the game, but it was time for me to stop and wind down. I did finish the essay this morning though, so no harm done in stopping and enjoying our Sunday Funday! I hope everyone has a fantastic rest of their week. Reading your comments has kept a smile on my face on this Monday. :)
.
Just over 2 years ago I was T-boned in an intersection by a Learner that wasn't paying attention to traffic. Today was the first day I woke up WITHOUT pain!
Just over 2 years ago I was T-boned in an intersection by a Learner that wasn't paying attention to traffic. Because of my job, and my lack of proactive work in the beginning, my neck and shoulders tensed up to the point of non-movement. Since then I have struggled with constant pain and the inability to live my life to its fullest. I haven't been able to practice martial arts, archery, or much else that involves my upper body. 

Thanks to massage therapy I was able to start moving again. Thanks to an intensive stretching routine that I've kept up 2 - 4 times daily I've had my muscles slowly relax and allow healing. And more recently thanks to my chiropractor my spine has been able to go back to its natural position. 

After all of that, today was the first day I woke up not in pain, not sore, not stiff, just normal. This doesn't mean my battle is over. I'm not quite fixed yet, but I'm close. I feel more human and more myself than I have in 2 long painful years. 

There is chronic pain out there that cannot be fixed, I must acknowledge that. But, if you have been injured and feel pain because of that injury, take heart that you can come through it. It's not quick, it's not easy, and you will need professional help, but it's possible to regain a life without pain. 

One day I'll return to my old hobbies, and I will have my life back. I am determined to live a life without daily pain, and today I felt my first taste of success in almost 2 years.
.
Just locked myself out of my house and I‘m almost happy I did..
I brought the garbage out and forgot to bring the keys with me, which resulted in me being hungry (I just got back from the gym) and outside in the cold weather. I only have my phone with me, grabbed it in the last minute, and that „saved“ me. Unfortunately none of my neighbors is home to open the building‘s door for me. 

Now because I live in a first world country, I walked to a nearby restaurant, asked if I could pay with Apple Pay and ordered a nice warm soup and some chicken. They even offered to charge my phone for me if needed. I‘m there now writing this and it made me think about how ridiculous my worries are. How ridiculous life is!

You see, I come originally from a third-world country in Africa. If the same situation would’ve happened there, I‘d probably go from door to door in the neighborhood and get offered lunch until one of my building’s neighbors comes back. It is also mostly certain, that someone would offer to try and pick the locks of my building for me. (If I try this here, I‘m sure someone would rightly call the police on me :-D )

Why am I telling you this? Well, first because I‘m bored in the restaurant and don’t have my headphones with me to listen to an audiobook or some music. But mostly because lately I‘ve been worrying about so many things in my life, and forgot how lucky I am. Not only because of the privilege of being able to pay with my phone so that I don’t go hungry and don’t have to wait in front of the building in this cold weather. But more importantly because even if I was back home in Africa, I would also find a solution and life would go on (ok getting locked out is not that dramatic, I know, stop rolling your eyes).

I‘ve been looking for a job for some months now, the one I found comes with so many complications and risks that I‘ve been negotiating the contract with them for the last month.. I broke up with someone I liked a lot because of circumstances and that left me heartbroken.. I‘ve been struggling with an injury I got after a minor accident last summer and am still taking care of it.. so you see, getting locked out is not the most dramatic thing right now for me, but nonetheless it made me realize that I will always find a way and that I am grateful for what I have. 

Thank you for reading, I‘ll go home now and hopefully one of my neighbors is back home :-)
.
I just became friends with a Nigerian scammer lol
Well I was selling my camera online and got a suspicious message and decided to call him out. Instead of going off I told him he can do better and he doesn’t deserve random strangers hating him. I gave him some pointers on how to make money and spread love and positivity. And he did! I just got off the phone with him and his two younger siblings he’s caring for and now they’re making art and he’s volunteering at a local food place in exchange for food and some money to get by. He sent me a picture of a drawing his little sister drew for me haha. 

Edit: friendly reminder to give kindness of its not reciprocated or appreciated you lose nothing and if it is you could’ve just made someone’s day 

Edit #2: everyone try to turn your email/internet scammers to the light side and get them to strike haha

Edit #3: [scam fren](https://imgur.com/gallery/DlpQVVW) 
.
I officially escaped poverty!
I (29F) just received an incredible job offer - and now with both my and my fiance's salaries, we're officially upper middle class. I can't believe it and the tears keep coming. 

I grew up very poor. 

My dad walked door to door with a lawn mower - trying to make enough money to keep his EIGHT kids fed. Plenty of love, but not much money. 

We were all crammed into a tiny trailer. Holes in the floors and infested with roaches. My parents tried their best, but it was hard. Ever heard the song Fancy by Reba McEntire? I didn't actually understand WHAT the song was about growing up, but it was my anthem because I understood that a girl went from poverty to taking care of herself. 

To know that I have truly moved away from worrying about where my next meal is coming from or running out of toilet paper or gas - that is overwhelming and humbling. 

I'm so grateful. And I just needed to share that with someone.
.
When I worked at Wendy's, I used to meow when customers pulled up to the drive through
And one customer was an angry man, and before he pulled around to my window, I heard him say, "if there's a cat in there I'm calling health inspectors!"

So, when he got to my window, I meowed at him. The look on his face was priceless.
.
Sweet chinese lady who took my order corrected it to “no meat” because she saw my ashes
I got ashes today, and am supposed to not eat meat. I stopped in a chinese place to pick up some wontons (yum) and accidentally ordered beef wontons. She tapped her forehead in reference to my ashes and said “no meat today, just cheese?” What a saint because I forgot I even had them on my head all day. 
.
My boyfriend remembered something small I liked & it really warmed my heart.
I’ve been with my boyfriend since we were in high school - 11th grade. We’re 24/25 now. He’s the love of my life and I truly don’t know what I’d do without him ; I’ve got long nails & can’t crack open my can of Diet Coke w/o him :P

We got drunk & played pool the other night after a very long week of work then went to get food. Where we live there’s usually only 4 choices for late night meals (McDonald’s , Taco Bell, Sonic , or Halal) and we picked Taco Bell. I was excited to hear they still had pizza available (it’s one of those Taco Bell/Pizza Hut hybrids) and got that. I always ask for extra marinara bc I like to dip my pizza in it too. He ordered my pizza and asked for extra sauce right away without me asking or reminding him. It’s something so small but it really made me smile and made me feel all fuzzy for him as I always do.I’m not setting the bar low like omg he remembers I like extra sauce lmao. He always goes above & beyond for me, but I just think it’s nice when they remember the minuscule things.

**Update as of 6:17PM: Please stop commenting saying that this is sad because I’m praising him for doing something he should already be doing , this was suppose to be a feel good post to share with others and to have a discussion about the cute things our SO’s do for us. Get your heads outta your asses and just spread some love omg.**
.
To everyone else who is also alone on Christmas eve / Christmas day , it's ok. It's better than being with people who don't love you. We are strong and awesome and we can have a great time on our own !
I know it's a bit late but to anyone else who is also spending Christmas alone , you are awesome! I just wanted to say you guys are all awesome and kind and amazing people and if you couldn't be with your family or your friends are away  ( like me ) and the one you love isn't with you  (in my case don't ask ) or whatever reason, you can still have a good time. Pour yourself a glass and toast to an awesome you ! 
.
I just deleted all of my social media(besides the best one;) and got rid of all of the toxic people in my life.
I finally feel like I am in a sense of control sort of. I feel lighter and extremely energetic.  After several years of only having people talking to me because i can get them weed is over. Maybe i can now actually start to make some real friends for once.  I still dont really know whether to be excited or nervous becuase now I feel like Im gonna start a lot of drama but Im trying to think happy and keep on the lighter side but idk. I really just hope that this is a step in a better direction.

edit: Its the next day now, i dont regret anything.
also im only 17 so doing this is pretty big and facebook i kept my account but i dont have it installed so i could talk to relatives
.
My friend showed exactly what kind of friend she is.
This girl and I have been friends for about 8 years now, it's been rocky at times, but today she really showed what kind of friend she truly is. Today, I was heading to work, I pulled into the parking lot, motor started knocking and immediately shut off, I couldn't check it though until lunch. Come lunch a buddy drives me to get some oil, we put in about 3 quarts (it was in the right range when I left but needed 3 quarts from 20 minutes of driving...), and I'm able to drive it now. I limp it home, hazards on the whole way, park it, and send a snapchat of the car saying "she's dead jim", to my close friends. She sees it, and immediately messages me asking if I'm in a safe area (I live in a shitty area), if I made it home, and then she asks me if my car needs jump started, that she'll drive over to do that. She lives almost 40 minutes away, and was willing to drop everything to come and help me. That's the kind of friend she is, and I couldn't be any luckier of a guy to have a friend like that.

https://gfycat.com/ThesePeskyDoctorfish Here's the car
.
There should be a subreddit for pairing people up to do nothing except check in on each other once or twice a week to ask how their day has been.
It would be casual, a bit like this subreddit, except only 2, at most 3, people would come together together to talk, probably via DM.

It would also be a bit like having a penpal, except with penpals there's generally an expectation that you'd have interesting things to say, that you'd write a certain amount, reply a certain amount. Here there would be no such expectation. You can write as little or as much as you like, on totally boring subjects, and the other person would be under no obligation to reply with anything other than an acknowledgement, like, "that sucks, hope you're feeling better," or, "that's cool."

What do you think? Would it work? Maybe it needs thinking through a bit more. Something you'd be interested in participating in?
.
After sending out well over 1000 resumes in the last 3 years I finally have an interview!
I’m a petroleum engineer that’s been out of the field since 2015.  I’ve applied to every job that I’m qualified for and many that are above my experience level.  I’ve been working other jobs that I don’t hate but I’m not passionate about since I was laid off (economic downturn of oil).  I finally got an email today for an interview for a position that is my ideal job, I’m perfectly qualified and have a little more than what they’re asking for.  I’m not going to lie, it made me cry just to finally have a company not send me a rejection.  I just wanted to share with everyone that’s going through tough times that the good times can be just around the corner, don’t give up.  I haven’t gotten the job yet but it just feels right.

Edit:  just want to say how overwhelmed I am by how supportive everyone has been, thank you all so much, you have no idea how much I needed a little bit of good news and support!

Edit 2: just got off the phone for my interview, I feel like it went really well! She said that they will be sending out emails next week for their selections on second round interviews.

Edit 3: (9/18/2018) if there’s anyone still following this I just want to thank everyone for their support and let you know that I had a final interview today (not the same job but one I was recommended for from the other company) and I have been hired pending accepting an official offer!!!
.
I tried to kill myself two months ago. Tomorrow I'm starting my first job in 10 years.
The first time I attempted suicide was almost a decade ago. After spending the majority of the last 9 years in bed, attempting suicide again two months ago, yesterday I had my first job interview in 10 years... And... I got the job. 

I realise that it may not seem like an achievement or an accomplishment. But nonetheless, I want to share this in hopes that it may help someone somehow. 

I don't know where this is going to lead, or whether or not I'm going to stick to it. I am scared, anxious, confused and uncertain but I'm also incredibly proud of myself for not giving up and taking another chance at life.

Thank you for taking the time to read and respond.

Edit: Thank you for the gold x2 kind strangers 😢

Edit: Sitting in the car park during my lunch break reading all your lovely comments and I'm literally in tears 😢😭

Edit: Thank you so much to everyone who replied. I couldn't have gone through the first week without your heartfelt replies. I have posted an update:
https://www.reddit.com/r/CasualConversation/comments/8pnkou/i_spent_almost_a_decade_in_bed_i_now_have_a/
.
A bot just wished me "happy cakeday" and it made me smile for the first time in a week.
Apparently, today it my account birthday on Reddit. How fun. Anyways, these last couple of days have been really rough for me. I ran out of one of my medications (an SSRI), so I started experiencing the withdrawal effects from that. My lack of sleep has also been getting to me, which is not only affecting my own mental well-being, but also my relationships with others. On top of it all, I have the stress of it being my last semester of school, I find myself stressed and uncertain about my future. In essence, I have felt very down about myself. I don't think I would ever go through with harming myself, but it's trying times like these that really put that to the test. I just have to remember that there are people out there who care for me, even if we seldom talk or see each other. If anyone ever needs someone to talk to, I'm here for you. You are worth it - please remember that. 

TL:DR - I'm pretty sad right now and a bot made my day.

Edit: I left when this had 77 upvotes and now's it's up to almost 700. Thank you for all the words of kindness, encouragement, and just general advice / guidance. Each and everyone of you who took the time to comment - thank you so much. I know it may not mean a lot to you, but it really means a lot to me. I intent to respond to each and every one of you. Let's all make tomorrow another best day! 

Edit Pt. 2: Link to the post with the bot (hope I didn't screw it up):

https://www.reddit.com/r/Showerthoughts/comments/av8x33/for_all_we_know_there_could_be_an_alternate
.
I'm so excited my new bird is starting to trust me!!
This is Ozzy (because Crazy Train gets him [PUMPED](https://youtu.be/I8QwyRhCJ_c) lol <-- here's a video). He's about 8 months old and I got him a few weeks ago. While I was googling how to be the perfect bird mom I realized it was gonna take awhile to get him to trust me. Birds don't have many defense mechanisms and are naturally scared of humans since we are very large predators. 

I left him alone the first few days to let him get accustomed to my room (this part was SO HARD all I wanted to do was love him but I couldn't even look at him from across the room without him hiding). After a few days I started sitting near his cage while I talked to him but he still hid from me. There is this plant called millet that parakeets/budgies go *crazy* for and they suggest new owners use that to bribe your new bird on to your hand. The problem with that was, he was so young he'd never had millet before and didn't know what he was missing out on, so he hid from that too. 

I literally spent two weeks just holding the millet inside his cage waiting for him to get comfortable enough to check it out. Finally, yesterday he did! He climbed on the side of his cage and stretched his neck as far as he could trying to reach it (to avoid standing on my finger). I leaned it towards him so he could taste it, then moved it away again. That's when he finally hopped on my hand to get some more! I let him have a few bites, then took it away. He hopped back off my finger and I walked away to give him some space. A few minutes later he was yelling and dancing to get my attention, I came back over, offered my hand, and he started climbing all over me! I'm so excited!! We made insane progress yesterday and I can't wait to get home from work so we can play some more!

(reposted, last attempt was removed because I included a photo with my face. My bad mods!) :) 

Edit: I told myself I would never do this if I ever got gold on a post, but I've been redditing for years and my new baby helped me get my first one! Thank you stranger, I will now start teaching Ozzy to say "thanks reddit!" and update if he does(;


http://imgur.com/a/bOlC7H5
.
I just rubbed my very anxious BF back for 20 mins to help him finally fall asleep.
He’s been overly stressed for the past two weeks and really hasn’t been sleeping. I normally pass out way before him so at night he deals with his anxious mind by hisself. However I got to nap for 5 hours today. So I’m wide awake. I’m happy to help him. To feel his body calm down as I lightly touched his skin. I can hear him breathing so hard. He’s out and I couldn’t be happier for him!
.
Today I voluntarily woke up at 5:30 am for the first time, and I feel happier than I’ve felt in weeks
I always sleep in, in fact when I told my parents I woke up at 5:30 voluntarily, they thought I was on drugs or something. I’m just so proud of myself, because I’ve been struggling with routine and not just sitting around doing nothing all summer. So I woke up at 5:30 this morning, made a bowl of cereal and a cup of tea, and sat outside until the sun rose. Then I painted for a bit, filled the bird feeder, and read some. There’s just something about watching the sun rise, when there’s nobody else around, where you can’t help but feel a lot of peace. I really hope I can keep this up and work on my hobbies, I just feel so calm I absolutely love it.
.
I am a person who disappeared. I want to share my story with you.
At first I was shocked at how easy it was, and how far I didn't have to go in order to just... be somewhere and someone else, where no one knew me, and I was new again. I am from a small town of < 20k, so I was used to everybody knowing everyone and everyone knowing everybody's business-- including mine. Which made my crumbling marriage and soon-to-be divorce all the less palatable to my mid-twenties mindset. I knew she was leaving, so when she walked out the door for good, I decided rather than hear and be disposed to the gossip of town that I would Don Draper this life. Well... minus ID fraud.


I didn't show up to work the next day, or ever again. Instead I woke up that morning, showered, and collected myself. Water pouring down my face concealing tears I counted out my steps. Mirror-facing and toothbrush askew in my mouth I collected my thoughts. Shoes tied and binds unbound I begged myself for resolve. Cigarette lit and phone in hand I called my landlord and broke the lease. 


Now, what do I do with all this shit I can't take with me? Next phone call was a storage company. Wait, how do I get it all there? Next phone call, U-haul. Oh good, they were right down the street. I walked to it.

I returned and started, almost literally, just tossing the unnecessary shit of my life into it. 


Couch can't fit in my car. In it goes. 


TV isn't going with me, in it goes. 


Look at all these clothes, and look at all hers! In they went. 


*Man... fuck this bed. My back hurts. Fuck you bed, you're not coming with me.*


My ex-wife and I didn't have much, we led minimalist lifestyles. I remember the exact moment I drew the door shut on that storage unit and clamped the lock down. *That's step one.*


I filled my car to the brim with what I considered necessities. Guitar? Check. Clothes I'd need? Check. Laptop? Check. All that shit. I remember thinking it looked like I was homeless. *Oh shit. I am homeless.* Actually, the thought made me smile. Anyway.

Buzz. *Facebook notification? Oh.. delete this shit.* I deleted it all. No Facebook, no Instagram, no Twitter, no SnapChat, no LinkedIn, nothing. All of it, gone. And not just off my phone. The accounts were all deleted. It's like I was never there, digitally or in the flesh. *That's step two.*

Drove down to the landlord's house and returned the keys. *That's step three.* Another phone call. *Hi, yes I need to disconnect the electricity at 123 CleverFeather St. Yes. Yes. Billing address? Uh... 123 CleverFeather's Ex-Wife's Mom's St. Yes. Thank you."* I thought that was cheeky.


Returned the U-haul and then I drove. No goodbyes. No parting text messages. As quickly as I arrived, I was gone even quicker. It was night at this point. I was a nomad. I remember careening down the interstate at one point and just howling at the moon with what felt like a new lease on life. *I'm free. I'm free. I'm free.*


I stopped driving after what felt like forever and the blink of an eye. I felt punchdrunk, engorged on possibility. *Nashville? Hm. Alright let's set up here.* I had been here a couple of times. I pulled in the back parking lot of a bar I had been to once because a band I liked said they had been there before. Silly reasons were the best reasons at the moment.


I looked at my phone. I had a couple of texts from friends asking if I wanted to go to our favorite bar that night. A missed call from another person. I never returned the texts. In the coming weeks those messages would increase in urgency and relevance. 

Buzz. *Where are you?* 


Buzz. *Did you delete me on Facebook?* 


Buzz. *What the fuck man?* 


Buzz. *Are you and her splitting up? What's going on?*


Buzz. *This is fucked up. No one knows what happened to you.*


Everyone, everything reminded me of her. I had to do this for me. Selfishly. If that was BC, this is AD. I had $800 in my bank account. I was going to make this work. I had to. The bar had free wifi, pretty slow but quick enough to sift through craigslist for rooms for rent. I found a couple. *Message sent.*


I remember walking up the ramp that led into the bar, and reveling in what I had done. The air was different, it was a city after all. The people were faceless, just as I was now. It was a Thursday night in October. It was brisk. I walked in and sat down at the bar, there were a few people here and there. Some I remember seeing and little did I know I would come to call them my friends in time.


*Hey stranger, what are you drinkin'?*


"I'll have a bourbon on the rocks. My name is CleverFeather, by the way. Nice to meet you."


I smiled.
.
I hugged my girlfriend today.
The title pretty much explains it. We've been talking since November of last year but started dating 2 weeks ago. 

This hug was special and called for as I chickened out the last time. It was nothing romantic but it just felt so good. We shared an umbrella afterwards which was fun. 

I don't know if this is the right sub for this story but I just had to share it with someone. 

I've never felt happier.

Edit: (this was our first hug)
 
Edit: u/dontlickdoors is my girlfriend!
.
I dont care a lick about the end game thingy, so if you have a risky click tag me in the comments and I'll let you know if its safe.
Just trying to help out, I've seen a lot of gif spoilers today that look like good clicks but end up being spoilers, and since I dont care about the movie, I'm willing to screen for you as long as you dont expect an immediate response.  

Good luck out there spoiler avoiders!

Fyi there have been spoilers in the comments, I believe all are deleted but scroll at your own risk!

Other volunteers so you dont have to scroll through and risk a spoil to find them:
u/thinjester
u/navyanchor03
u/boixrbsf
u/linwail
u/dart_catcher
u/2fab4you
u/red7336
u/wolfman2158
u/zephyrwindfall
u/--imhighrightnow--
u/hoodiegalore
u/solsantibuttcrack
u/daaaamnright
u/thedeltalambda
u/whitesammy
u/stealthy42_
u/abinicity
u/alienbanter
u/who_cares99
u/danosauris
u/clemen11
u/that_guy_jimmy
u/dragonsblade72
u/limooutfront
u/sarkozywasthere_
.
What are karma points?
So after much persistence from my friends, I finally joined reddit and the first thing after my username is Karma points. Some subreddits won't even let me post until I have enough Karma.
So can anyone explain to me what these Karma points are and how to get them.

P.S. sorry for the bad grammar

EDIT : Wow!. the amount of likes and comments are waay much more than I expected it to be.
Either this community is a pretty cool community or I'm hallucinating.
Thanks again to everyone

EDIT#2 : and the love keeps on pouring.GOOD GOD!. I don't think I've ever had even a  tenth of the upvotes of this post ever in my short existence. Thanks Y'all and keep on being AWESOME.
.
I dont remember that last time I thought about killing myself.
I realized this today. Then I thought about how far I've come, and how I feel like I can actually breath and that I dont feel like I'm drowning anymore. Some days are tougher than others of course but I have the tools to cope so I dont go down to such a dark place. I dont know...I'm just genuinely happy that I can say this. I never had 100% certainty I would get to this point. I can actually see a future for myself, and I have a ton of goals that I can visualize myself completing. It just feels good.

Edit: thank you for the gold and silver!

I wasnt expecting this to go anywhere. This has been after 10 years of work. If this post doesnt do anything else, I would hope that it just adds a tiny light for someone.

Edit:
Yes, I had professional help for many years and along the way learned different ways to cope that continue to help. I just want to say seeking out professional help was the first truly helpful step I took. 

Edit: 
Disclaimer: if you are experiencing mental health issues, dont trust a stranger on the internet, seek help from professionals who are trained to assist you and can actually give meaningful assistance.
.
Sometimes I forget I can just do stuff if I want.
The other day I was in the grocery store and saw cakes in the bakery section.  I was like “man that cake looks good, maybe next birthday”. Which my birthday is almost a year away.  

Then it struck me. I can buy a fucking cake whenever I want. They’re only $15 for a whole god damn cake.  Why do I wait a whole year to have one!?

I have no kids, no wife, I’m self employed and it’s all remote work without any schedule... I don’t answer to anyone. I eat super healthy and exercise.  I make good money so there is zero reason I can’t just get some cake.  

It struck me that I do this in other ways in my life.  Later that week I was talking to a friend about wanting to go to another part of the country to go on this hike I heard was cool

They pointed out “why don’t you?  You can work from anywhere, you got the time, you got money, why not leave now?”

I responded “you’re 100% right! Why don’t i?”  So I said goodbye, packed my bag and walked out the front door to go hiking.  

I guess it’s crazy the barriers we put up in our own minds.

**EDIT 1:**

Wow so this blew up.  

First off yes I bought the cake... kinda 

I actually decided to make a keto version so I got a keto brownie mix and carb smart ice cream.  I ate really strict that day so I could fit it into my 20 carbs for the day.  

It was 13 net carbs and 450 calories 

https://imgur.com/gallery/hsFBwhP


**EDIT 2:**

Yes this can be a slippery slope.  The cake example was merely the thing that sparked the thought. Actually most of my “I can do it if I want” things have been pretty active things. Like I decided to hike all the parks in my state parks system here in NC.  Also started a sci-fi book club.  

**EDIT 3:**

So people are asking what I do.  I started my own website 10 years ago and have been doing it full time for 6 years.  I’m essentially a blogger (which means I’m inherently a marketer too).  I earn about half my income from ads and half from ebook sales.  My website is TheTinyLife.com
.
Hi Reddit, I just want to talk for a second.
I know you'll probably be staring at this wall of text below but please, please, bare with me. 

I kinda live in my own little world. It's almost like I was the kid who never grew out of the fantasy stage of day dreaming. I live on my own in my early twenties, and I don't have any family or friends left around me. I've gotten really heartbroken lately, and it's to the point where I have little conversations in my head, or at best with the inanimate objects around my house. I thought, maybe I could talk to you instead, Reddit. 

Maybe I see everything through rose-colored glasses. I imagine the rest of you, the Internet, out there in your little homes. I see all the lights that pour out from living room windows in the evening, the people who walk their dogs in the morning, or those who silently commute to work in their cars. It's like looking over a minature model display of what mundane, but intriguing things are going on around me. 

I lay in bed a lot and I think about all of you. I think about what it's like to be working in the office cubicle on Thursdays or sitting down at the restaurant with a few others to have some chow. Life moves all around us so quietly and undiscernably.  I'm amazed by it. When I close my door for the night and turn off all the lights, I think about you guys. It helps me feel like I'm a part of it all. It is a little network that I think of as so much bigger. Just wanted to share this with you all. 

EDIT: Good morning, to all my fellow redditors out there. After a restless night, I just woke up to the lovely outpouring this post sparked within our community. I cannot express my gratitude at everyone's contribution to my little world. Simply overnight, I now have all these wonderful new lives to add to my plot. It's like discovering the world hidden in your backyard for the first time as a child. 

I'll be taking the time to go through every post on here and read every single word. I want you all to know how special you are, as well. It's all us lonely people, wondering about other lonely people, trying to connect from the outside looking in. 

It feels like I was just grasped in the tightest, warmest bear-hug the internet could ever provide. We're all in this big crowd, pushing in. I am so inspired by you all. It brings me a ton of happiness that you also included some little things about yourselves. From now on, I'll be thinking about you, in your cities and little houses, and how you watch GOT under all the blankets, or sit up late at night to play video games. Those of you that try not to snack after 8pm, have the sweetest pets as companions, walk to class in the sun, order an iced coffee, listen to your podcast, paint your house, play with sticks in the front yard, and think about your lover that has passed on. 

A book? A documentary? I'm going to have to include you all in something. It's been magical, Reddit. 
.
I'm gonna be a dad!!!!!
Holy shit, we finally got to the point where it's acceptable to tell people! My wife doesn't want it put on Facebook yet for office politics reasons and I need to scream it to someone so here I am!

I can't really believe it - I'm equal parts excited and fucking terrified! We've told close friends and a couple of people at work, but part of me wants to hop in a car driving around the city screaming from a megaphone!

So, to promote conversation, what's your best new-parent tip?

EDIT: Thanks so much for all the replies, well wishes, and very useful advice! (Also whoever gave me my first reddit gold!) I've been trying to reply to comments as fast as I can but they are coming in faster than I can type (also I'm at work so I actually have to do something productive today!) I'll keep replying when I can. Thanks again!

EDIT 2: Guys thanks so much again for all the tips and nice words - I have to head out for the evening so I can't reply for a few hours, but thanks again!
.
As a father of three children and husband of a fairly sensitive woman
I must understand that my mood and energy filters down throughout the household, like King Leonidas of the Spartans. And I shall lead us to victory but instead of killing the Persian army, we will kill debt, insecurities/fear, and bad habits and go on vacations and every day we will wake up and grab our shields (backpacks, work clothes) and go out into the world prepared for war, and we will emerge victorious and do it all with a smile on our face! 
.
I love my cat so fucking much
 my cat Athena is honestly the light of my life. She goes everywhere I go. I go into the bathroom. She waits. I go on the computer. She sits on my chair. I go to bed. She sleeps on my chest. I close a door and she whines to come back to me. I over sleep. She head-butts me until I wake up. I love her so fucking much and she has helped me get out of a rough spot in my life and as sad as it sounds, she’s the only one that is there for me even though she’s just a cat. But sometimes I just look at her and I burst out with love and appreciation for how great and cute she is and with the realization that this living animal loves me more than anything that she is willing to wait for me to get out of the bathroom. When I first got her, it only took her 2 days to get used to me and start purring around me while she still hasn’t gotten used to my mom and it’s been 6 months. It honestly makes me feel so loved and special and I LOVE HER SO MUCH. I can’t believe that there is a living animal that loves me so much :D I love my other cat, Shadow, too but he doesn’t spend as much time with me and I feel guilty making this post without including him. He’s the sweetest boy ever but not as affectionate as Athena but I still love them both :)


Edit: thank you for the medals. These are all my firsts and I greatly appreciate it :)

Here are some pictures of my cats for people that want them!
Shadow: https://imgur.com/a/UWAXEJp
Athena: https://imgur.com/dKtQPBZ and https://imgur.com/KwQIFma
.
I unsubscribed from trashy and other subs that insult people
Just seemed too negative for me. I'm certain I can be judged for not meeting societal standards in appearance, language, or actions, so why should I judge others?

And I don't have a problem with people in those subs, but it's not for me anymore.
.
My friend’s autistic son finally addressed me by my name.
My friend’s autistic son is five years old and I’ve known him his whole life. He’s never made eye contact with or spoken directly to anyone, etc. Not that we don’t have a good time together, but developmentally he’s obviously not in the same place as other children his age. The last time I saw him was in October and it was the same old; I greet him and he usually just runs by without acknowledging me. 

Yesterday we all met up as an early Christmas get-together and to my surprise and joy he cried out, “control-z, come play with me!” I couldn’t help but tear up as I melted. He was doing various activities while trying to hold a juice box and I offered to hold it for him. Instead of no response, he looked at me, smiled, and said, “I’m okay, I got it!”

Just hearing him address me by my name and smile at me made my heart soar. To top it all off, he said my hair was beautiful haha. My friend said he’s been in ABA therapy and other programs; the last time he was assessed she said he was only in the third percentile of children his age on the spectrum. But to me, this progress is monumental. I just had to tell someone because I’m so happy. :)

Obligatory edit: Thanks for all the kind comments and thanks for the gold! :) It’s a beautiful world out there.
.
I just caught my SO walking in a slow and elegant manner, putting each foot exactly in front of the other --all while moving his hands over his head, as if drawing a perfect semi circle behind him.
When confronted, he looked me dead in the eye and softly said "I'm a peacock now." Then resumed the walking to the kitchen.

That's a way to begin the year.

What is the oddest thing you've caught someone doing?

&#x200B;

Pd.: I really love him.
.
I've been clean for 20 years as of this week.
It seems crazy, but sensical at the same time. 

The weirdest thing is seeing all these new guys trying to get clean, trying to get off drugs I've never even heard of and can barely pronounce.

Edit: thanks everyone for the well wishes. I will do my best reply to people, and I will actually keep this undeleted, but **this thread will eventually close and lock on its own. However feel free to PM me any time about addiction or recovery and I will respond.**

Thank you all again.

2nd edit: in a shitty twist, a guy who used to come around trying to get clean for a while disappeared a few weeks ago, they just found his body. Died alone in the woods. RIP buddy. 
.
3 months!!!
3 months sober so I posted 1 and 2 months sober and my first post has the story you guys showed so much support I had to keep going thank you all for your help

Edit: thanks for all your support but there is to many comments to respond to them all but my first award. I really don't deserve that
.
Life is really great when you don't have high expectations.
Like. I'm 20. I just started working at taco bell  and like. I'm about to get my first paycheck and I just feel really....okay about my future. Happy. Like, my current state of living is really nice and I just feel good. Idk. I dont plan on doing anything big or crazy ever. I wanna move within the next 5 years. That's it, really. I want to get an apartment. I want to make enough to live in that apartment. Maybe I just haven't been crushed by reality yet.

Edit: thank you all for the advice! I love the good vibes you guys are sending me! 

I plan on going back to college when I decide what I wanna do. I'm not just settling for taco  bell, haha. I'm just happy I can make some of my own money! Every day I think about career choices and what I'm good at. I was in college for a bit but I was really unmotivated and depressed, so I didn't do well at all.

I have an SO I plan on living with. I dont want kids. I just wanna be a happy fool in love. He's what drives me, haha. Hes my motivation....er, a good portion of it anyway.

If anyone wants some ameture advice, a buddy to talk to, or anything, feel free to hit me up. I love talking to you guys!

Also, I apologize for saying "like" a lot. This post was made at 5am and I was VERY tired. I had no idea this would get so much attention and honestly, I'm floored by it.

I'm rambling, but I hope you all have a nice day :) thank you for reading my silly life post.
.
What are some “Dad” things your dad does?
It’s Father’s Day, and I’ll be celebrating soon. My dad is 91 and has been a father for 67 years. 

Here are some dad things he does:

- Brags about waking up early but instantly falls asleep when sitting anywhere for more than five minutes 

- will instantly wake up somehow if you attempt to change the channel and will say “hey I was watching that”

- will bombard complete strangers with stories and pictures of his great-grand children 

- will ignore said grandchildren if the soccer game is on 

- will forever refer to his three daughters as “my lovely girls” or “my headaches” 

- will scold my sisters for bad language even though they’re both in their 60s 

- will go on for hours about “back in my day-“ until somebody stops him

- will insist on playing nothing but mariachi music 


So that’s my dad, tell me about yours
.
I(18f) started crying when my dad called me pretty today
Conversation went:

Me: “I’m getting off work at 11pm-12am tomorrow”

Dad: “Don’t walk, I’ll come by to drive you home”

Me while laughing: “Why?”

Dad: “You’re pretty so it’s dangerous”

I’m honestly shocked about how fast it was for tears to start falling. He, also surprised, asked why I’m being ridiculous lol.

This is honestly the first time he’s called me pretty without someone else prompting him to that I can remember. I’ve been struggling with my body image for a long time and lost a drastic amount of weight in a couple of years. The only time my dad has complimented me during that time was about how much better I look without the weight. I know the validation isn’t necessary but I guess it’s what I wanted to hear at the moment

edit: I did not expect this many people to interact with my post, at all... I really thought it was a one off that I would delete in the morning! Thanks to the stranger for my first silver as well 😊

edit: what! Platinum? Thank you stranger, I’m currently walking to work rn and won’t be able to reply much, hope everyone has a great day!!!

final edit: just got off work and took a pic of my dad and I : https://imgur.com/a/XSxVJBW
I may have took a bathroom break just to read everyone’s comments :) I love how kind and understanding this sub is
.
I'm changing my life
I used to go to bed with anxiety and dreading tomorrow. I'm in my late twenties, was working as a teacher and had been in the same relationship for eight years. I felt like "this is it? Really?". So I decided it was time for a change!
In two weeks I will be moving to Switzerland to start a pastry program. Lost the boyfriend and selling the condo. I took a leave of absence from work and started to go running every morning.
I have never, ever felt so sane in my life, despite all these dramatic changes. I know my program will work out, and of it doesn't? Well, I know I can deal with it, because I have already taken the scary step. The world ain't got nothing on me anymore!
I'm feeling so good, so I thought I'd share :).

(One regret tho... Didn't ask out my crush...)

Edit: woah, this really blew up! Thank you so much for all your kind words! Thank you for the silver and gold and thank you for encouraging me! Really didn't expect all this love!
.
I think hugs are necessary....they are magic.
It's nice to just hold the people you love and squeeze them. I get to feel like, "I'm holding my person". 

It's also nice to get hugs, it feels good to be held.
.
I'm a shy introvert but today I managed to overcome my anxiety somewhat by helping a girl with her bicycle chains.
I was walking to the bus station, listening to Four Horsemen by Metallica from my headphones at full volume. I saw a girl who was struggling with her bicycle, I saw that the chains had fallen off. Without removing my headphones or even pausing the music, I kneeled down by the bicycle and without skipping a beat, put the chains back on and continued walking to my bus stop. In that short moment I felt really awesome, it was cool! Or at least it felt pretty cool.
Just wanted to share :)

Edit:
Holy cheeseballs!! Almost 5000 upvotes and more comments than I could possibly reply to! I'll try to reply to most of them thou! Thank you kind folk for your wholesomeness!! 

Edit 2:
Gold and Silver?! Both are my first!! Thank you kind folks!! I'll be sure to put them to good use and pass them forward to someone who deserves them :)
.
The longer I’m on Reddit, the more I realize how toxic most of the larger subreddits are.
You could give an opinion opposite of the thread’s echo-chamber and be downvoted to hell. You can be banned from random places for “disrespecting moderators” without proof. It’s really discouraging and I’m glad there’s still wholesome places like this.
.
I'm Iranian American and I'm having the worst day.
My family in Iran who are green card holders are on their way over and they're going to be held.

But besides that, my cat is sick and my teacher won't take my paper because I mixed up my dates and will probably fail out of college.

Time to start my circus school application...
How's your day? Better than mine I hope

Edit: I am really grateful for all the responses and support. It really means a lot. I'm going to eat dinner but will check periodically!
.
As a dude who just tried 'leggings' on for the first time, where has this been my whole life?
I can completely understand why so many ladies just wear leggings all winter now. This shit is _soooo_ comfortable. 

Technically I just got a pair of what was advertised as 'mens long thermal underwear' but I compared with my sisters pair of actual leggings and its the same material, thickness, and style. 

I've been wearing my pair under my jeans all week, and i really have no intention of taking them off till april. 

To any dudes reading this: seriously you gotta try this if you haven't already - so damn comfy. 
.
My refugee neighbours gave me some blackcurrants from their garden, so I'm making some blackcurrant ice cream for them.
They moved here a few months ago. They don't speak very much English, but they smile and wave hello and I see their kids cycling round and I think they go to a local school.

Not being able to speak the same language as your neighbours must feel very isolating, but hopefully little swaps like this help them understand that we're happy to have them here and we're happy to be part of their community.

These people have come a long way to get their children somewhere where they feel safe and live very restricted lives in many ways, but hopefully they know that we are happy to have them on our street.

I just kind of needed to tell someone, you know? I can't tell them due to the language barriers, but hopefully the language of ice-cream will help.

*Just as a final little follow up, they gave my a little dish of cooked berries in a sauce this morning, so I think they liked it. Also, you people are all really cool as I just posted it on here on a whim because I was in the house on my own. Thanks!*
.
I’m officially a train driver at 20!
I’ve been through so much shit in my life and the one thing I wanted most in this world has finally happened. I start as a second person (conductor for the USA) in three weeks. When I found out I almost cried in front of my boss, it’s so hard to get into the railways in Australia so im over the moon.
.
As a child, I often thought I fooled people with my clever bullshitting. As an adult who can easily see when a child is bullshitting, I now realize my child self likely fooled 0 people.
It's weird to think that, because of this and other similar perspective differences between then and now, one's entire childhood consisted of much different situations than one experienced as a child. Like, these events happened and I was present for them, but the things I remember and the things that happened in reality might be sooo different.
.
My boyfriend and I have started doing a “self-care day” one day a week, and it’s magical
With his school schedule and my work schedule, we both kind of hit a point where we were getting miserable and spending any bit of free time just...sitting on the couch. Which is fine in small bursts, but not all the time. Our relationship hadn’t taken a hit yet but we never wanted it to get to that point. 

So three weeks ago we decided to designate either Saturday or Sunday as stress free days where we only do things that sound fun or relaxing. We’ve been to the movies, went to a brewery and read our books on the patio, or worked on little fun projects. 

I’m currently watching him and his best friend literally just drunkenly play catch in the backyard with his friend’s dog. I’ve not felt so content and happy in so long! 

I just felt like I wanted to share. How’s your Saturday going?
.
I just had the best 2 hours of my life.
My cousin was sleeping, the window was open. A cool breeze blew in. I sat and programmed while listening to Petit Biscuit for *two hours*.

I hope to have more nights like these. Everyone was asleep, it's 2 AM right now.

Pure heaven. If I could describe pure heaven, it would be those 2 hours.

I don't know if I flaired right, but since no one in my life really cares, I thought maybe there's a chance a stranger would care. Does anyone else like moments like these?

Edit: spelling

Edit 2: Wow. I wake up, start replying to some comments, and I didn't realise how many upvotes there were (when I did I thought I was dreaming). Damn! You guys really made my day, I'm glad people have the same feeling when it's quiet and they're doing something they love.

Edit 3: I know, I know. I'm the user that uses edits. It's morning now, and I'm programming and listening to lo-fi. My brother's awake. He's loud. Aaaand a Spotify ad just came on. I'm just gonna say that try to enjoy the simple things in life. I can't wait for tonight, when I can do this again. 

Also, since I have all your guys' attention, please consider donating to [ASPCA](https://secure.aspca.org/donate/ps-gn-20190717-p2?ms=MP_PMK_Googlebrand-T4&initialms=MP_PMK_Googlebrand-T4&pcode=WPSE9XXGOGN2PK00014&lpcode=WPSE9XXGOGN1PK00014&test&ds_rl=1066461&gclid=Cj0KCQjws7TqBRDgARIsAAHLHP6JfzwrmQrM3X4gcfiVzBKt_YB1WxCiBjvjJXiV4jAcIf4VX7gM6sIaAhpZEALw_wcB&gclsrc=aw.ds) to help with animal rescue. Personally, I'm not in America so idk if this is an organisation like PETA (please let me know if it is, because there are so many good causes out there how need out help).
.
I blew my whole life up unexpectedly on Monday and it's gonna work out.
On Monday I was sitting at my desk at work, realizing that a relationship that I've been involved in off and on for 2.5 years was going to end and that, overall, I just was not a happy guy. When it became clear that it was over something in me snapped, I bought a one way ticket to Southern California for Saturday, got up, and left. I emailed my boss about an hour later to say I was done. EVERYBODY said I was crazy, impulsive, rash, etc. Since then I have gotten a job in my same industry with higher pay and 100% telecommuting and found a place 1.5 blocks from a popular beach near San Diego. I fly out in 2 days and get to be a completely new me. Anybody else ever done something like this?

Edit: OK this kinda blew up, thank you all for the encouragement, yes I'd like to meet you all if I can, but give me a couple days to get back as I am in the midst of coordinating my move. I will be in Encinitas (sorry nitpickers, I know that's not technically San Diego) and am very much looking forward to exploring and being able to be outside a much greater percentage of the time. Cheers!
.
Yesterday I found out why my grandmother abstained from chicken meat her whole life
My granny hasn’t eaten chicken since childhood and I was never really sure why. I knew they kept chickens and just assumed she was a bit sickened by seeing the plating process. Yesterday my cousin and I managed to get the full story from her though:

She must have been about eight years old and grew up in a house with an open fireplace. The chicks were being kept in a cardboard box filled with straw near the fireplace until they hatched to keep them incubated, and then for a few days longer until they were strong enough to go outside. One day one of them had hopped up onto the side of the cardboard box seemingly looking for freedom. My granny wanted to push it back into the box, but wouldn’t touch it because she was scared of feathers (and still is). Little bird looks her straight into the eyes, then *flies directly into the open fire*.

I just had to share this story with someone else because I’m still slightly horrified, slightly still laughing about it.

Edit: obligatory thank you for the silvers, kind anon Redditor! Much appreciated, can’t believe my first silver is on a post about chickens committing suicide.
.
I quit my higher paying job to go back to my old job. Happiness is more important than money.
The hourly rate is the same but it's slightly less hours, but it means I have more time for hobbies, and my wife and I will have more quality time together.

Edit: thanks for all your comments, and yes, I know how lucky I am to be in a position where I can accept less income.
.
I think I'm developing a weird but positive addiction
I live in a decent suburban town south of the city where I work. I take the train to work and to get to the train station, I can take a walking path that's a few houses down, which cuts through the woods, past a pond, leading you all of the way to the train platform--super convenient. It's usually the best part of my day. I don't turn on my music yet or listen to any podcasts, I just enjoy this 15-minute walk through nature in the morning. What kind of kills it though, for whatever reason, (mostly because humans suck) right where the path begins (and where a few vehicles can park) there is a buttload of trash. And still plenty of trash in the surrounding woods down the whole path. 

On Friday morning when I reached the platform I decided to order a $15 trash picker on amazon. Ever since that moment I was so excited to...pick up trash. I got it yesterday afternoon (damn, amazon) and immediately began the clean up. It's weird but I had SO much fun. I would've went for longer but I ran out of room in the trash bag and paper bag that I brought.

I think it's so great for me because I like to be outside and enjoy nature, but because I don't have a dog to walk, I always feel weird just being a big dude walking around with my hands in my pocket. People always get that, please don't bother/mug me vibe when I walk past a dog walker or jogger. It gives me something to do on these walks and gives me a sense of purpose and accomplishment. 

I'm annoyed because it snowed last night and now I can't continue the process. The area around the train tracks and the station is absolutely horrific. Even though there are some trash cans on this long platform, people obviously still chuck them into the weeds behind the platform. 

I'm going to need more trash bags.
.
For the first time since I can remember, this is the first time my family hasn’t been living paycheck to paycheck
Since as long as I can remember, we have been short on everything. We’ve been living in a trailer since I was in second grade and I’m currently in 10th grade. My dad got his taxes back and we’re all happy. He paid all the bills and some debt that he was in. He’s been stressing less. Our old phones were cheap androids from Walmart and both of our cars broke down. The place where he got his cars cut him a deal and bought both of them for 1000 each and used that money as a down payment for our current van.

He bought a small little car for work yesterday and we went clothes shopping. Normally we buy our clothes from Walmart but this time we set out for Burlington. We upgraded phones and we went shopping for food. Normally we buy what we can and make sure it’s on sale. When I came home today, I came home to my mom cooking on the grill outside and soda in the fridge ( our grill was broken). 

I know this might be something others might not care but it made me feel good that we weren’t behind on things for once. Me and my dad have been saving up money behind my moms back for 2 months to surprise her for her birthday in July and we have 200 dollars already. I feel like I owe my parents so much because they’ve really tried their best. I only ask for what’s necessary and I’m going on my first field trip in high school this April!

I just wanted to let someone know since I don’t have anybody else to tell this to

Edit: thank you for all your wonderful comments❤️🥰
Just for clarity I am a 15 year old girl
.
Met up with a Redditor for a beer. Didn't get raped or murdered. Win.
Posted here and other places about me before. I am a somewhat one off human being. Am a 35yo, white, male, disabled little person living in Philly, PA, USA. First year in my own apt, after having lived 34 years in near total isolation with mentally abusive parents (mainly mother) in a completely inaccessible house even for the simplest of things. Depression was and still is a big part of life, and so are other physical ailments as you can imagine. Life was never easy and was made severely worse most of the time by my own mother, throwing tantrums, stealing, demeaning, name calling, screaming, etc. Loathing.

I somehow made it out of that shithole and have my own subsidized accessible apt. Life is different but I am on my own. Obviously hard financially but I figure I am paying for my piece of mind. They don't get to ruin my life anymore. I have a very good visiting aide who I think I am lucky to have met, in a sea of terrible or mediocre aides. She has very similar tastes in most things to me, and understands my way of life on a deeper level that most humans I've met before. Only one who really got me was my dog and she died a couple months before I moved out. I am Jack's sense of nostalgia.

I made a thread on r/ama a few days ago, it got upvoted quite a bit and a couple people messaged me about just getting a beer together. This is supremely out of the ordinary for me, but I actually met up with a dude in a bar across the street and got a burger and just sat for an hr or so. Pretty happy I didn't get whacked on the head or anything, but then again I have nothing to steal. Not even gold fillings. Heh. Mummy dearest would absolutely die if she knew I met a rando offline. Hm. Maybe I should tell her about it?

Discuss.
.
To all those working over the holidays so the rest of us can have time off with our families, THANK YOU!
For many years I worked on the holidays. This year, I’m spending it with my family, and I’m eternally  grateful to those working at the hotel, rental car agency, restaurants, etc. so I can relax and enjoy the time off. Thanks so very much! 

.
My dad caught me crying
My (20f) dads not the emotional type , he doesn’t say I love you or anything like that but I just moved back in with him after ending things with my abusive ex boyfriend , it’s been about two weeks now and tonight was the first time I’ve actually felt sad and alone so I started crying , he told me “ it’s okay to cry , just remember what it is that’s making you cry , I hope your smart enough to never go back to the things that make you feel like this , after your done crying look at yourself in the mirror and tell yourself that your worth so much more then how he treated you“ and it was just the most inspirational thing he’s ever said and made me feel so much better ..
.
My chemistry professor almost made me cry this morning.
I lost my dad last fall semester over thanksgiving break completely unexpectedly. I dropped out of my classes and then failed a couple again this past spring semester. So, I am currently in summer classes to catch back up and I’m honestly excited. My professor came in at 8:30 this morning and gave us a little morale boost before the summer session starts. He said a little cheesy line; “my students will have to learn how to slay dragons.” Aka, we have to do well on his exams. However, at one point he looked me in my eyes and said “what dragons have you had to face in college?”. It was rhetorical, but it almost made me cry. It reminded me why im here and what i have to do, to make my dad proud and to keep going.
.
I have accidentally locked myself on my upstairs deck. My deck is full of WASPS. Chat with me in my final hours?
My wife is hopefully on her way home to rescue me, but she works an hour away and there’s a non-zero chance that I will be attacked and killed by angry wasps by then. I’m wearing flannel PJs though so at least I’ll be comfy (though perhaps a bit overheated). 

Anyway how’s your day going?

Edit: somehow my wife made it home in record time. I am saved!! Thanks for sharing this harrowing experience with me.
.
My dad's funeral is today.
In a few hours, I'll have to speak in front of a group of people who have loved and will miss his presence in their lives. I'm pretty nervous and of course I miss him a lot. Could use some good vibes. 💔
.
To the person I sat next to in Endgame (no spoilers)
Edit: someone posted spoilers down in the comments. Mods removed it. 

I wish I could have asked for your name at least, but if you are reading this, thanks for engaging in my talks. Both of us came alone, and when that seating disaster where a whole family came to the pm show instead of am made you sit two seats away, I asked my neighbor if I could switch seats so that I could enjoy it with you. Thanks for making Endgame so much more better. I didn’t even know you, but we talked and sat there with so much excitement for the movie. Thanks for sharing your candy with me too, that was pretty nice of you :-). And yeah I had a great night and thanks ::-)

Edit: thank you to everyone wishing me luck!
.
It's my 40th Birthday today.
Hello! I don't have many to share this with and I often get overlooked. I didn't get birthday cards in the mail so it bummed me out. The big 4-0 is pretty special, isn't it! I haven't become older though, I've leveled up!

Edit: Thank you to all of you for making me feel loved and extra special. Thanks as well for the golds and silvers, never had one before!

Edit2: Wow platinum now! You guys are so awesome. I think this has been my best birthday ever now. Thank you!
.
Psychology asserts that interacting with complete strangers can greatly boost your mood so stop scrolling and dammit interact with me :D
Hi guys, gals and non-binary pals. How was your day? Or, goodmorning and how is it so far? :)

&#x200B;

a lil source citation here: [https://www.wsj.com/articles/the-surprising-boost-you-get-from-strangers-11557567000](https://www.wsj.com/articles/the-surprising-boost-you-get-from-strangers-11557567000)
.
I ran a mile
Today I ran my first ever mile without stopping to take a break. Two days before I ran a mile, but took three breaks in between. My time the first time was 9:14 which I was super pumped about. My time today? 8:36!!!!!!!!! I couldn't believe that I ran that without stopping! I'm 6'3 250+ lbs, which if you don't know makes me prone to being slow as fuuuuuck. I never thought I could run a full mile especially in that time. I surprised myself very much today. It seemed like such an impossible goal for me, but I chose to mind over matter that shit and just run. I'm very proud of myself.
.
So, this is what it feels like to be adopted as a young adult.
Defeated in a lonely city life, I ditched the Friday duties off and took the next bus miles away to my best friend's home for the weekend.

Warm food prepared for you, clean sheets, a dog waking you up in the morning, his mother talking your ears off about the neighborhood gossips, his older brother buying you a beer or two catching up since your last visit, his older sister asking your help about her undergraduate dissertation, and my best friend continually conjuring exciting things to do over my 3-day stay.

When I was about to leave, his mother said to me "You know we aren't much of a family, but I'm letting you know you're a part of us."

As an independent guy whose upbringing hasn't been fair to him; I cried in the bus as my confused heart try to digest the warm overwhelming affection.

I have a home.

I finally have a home.

[EDIT]

I extend out an incredible amount of gratitude for the warm wishes to you people. I'm still lost for words as I surf halfway across my shift and taking my time to reflect accordingly.

This new feeling is a stranger for me; confused as I dwell in-between internal doubts and acceptance. I chose to temporarily abstain myself from eventually dumping down tons of epiphanies to my best friend whom done so much over the weekend, so all your responses are genuinely calming down the turmoil.
.
My little brother died for 15 minutes- so I’m giving my kidney away
I guess I should start with how this happened. My little brother was born three months premature and instead of doing a c section the doctors decided to vacuum the baby out. He was unresponsive for 15 minutes. The doctors told us to say our goodbyes and not hold on to hope because he probably wasn’t going to make it. Days go by Weeks go by months go by and finally my little brother is unplugged from the monitors and sent home finally to be held!! They called him miracle baby and still do. Miracle baby however is in stage four kidney failure. We just got the papers today to fill out and figure out if we can donate and all that but I really hope I can and if I somehow don’t match with him I would still like to donate because I know how hard and difficult this can be on a family. The one thing I will add is I do need to lose weight before this happens which I have been doing already for the last month. But yeah I’m just really hoping everything works out. 
.
I just finished my exit exam for my Master's with an "A" and an overall GPA of 4.0!
I finished my Bachelor's three years ago in Clinical Nutrition, and didn't do as well as I wish I had (3.0 overall GPA) due to a long list of challenges which made my time in school even more difficult. For the past two and a half years (I took half a year off before deciding to go back for my MS) I've worked really hard - doing all the readings, participating fully, and generally working hard and focusing. Today it paid off when I finished my end of program/exit exam with an A and maintained a 4.0 until the last classes. I am graduating with a 4.0 and whatever the honors are. I feel so relieved and happy!

Edit: I forgot to say, my MS is also Clinical Nutrition
Edit 2: thank you for the gold Kind Stranger!
.
Today I became a man
On my way to work this morning my piece of junk motor started spluttering and the warning engine light came on and a week before payday I’ve got to admit my heart sank. 
I recognised the spluttering though from previous car troubles and decided to try and fix it myself. I risked buying a new coil pack and with a bit of help from YouTube I managed to change it myself. It worked and is as good as new, I feel really proud of myself and just thought I would come here and blow my own trumpet. 
.
Does anyone else order food to-go then immediately eat it in the parking lot in your car?
I started doing this a lot the last 2-3 years and it’s so peaceful. My car is warmer than the restaurant, I’m comfy in my car with my food and playing YouTube on my phone (while charging it, too). It’s just an overall more peaceful experience, kind of like Sonic Drive-In but I don’t like Sonic
.
I often upvote comments, just because they are downvoted and I feel they shouldn't be.
So I do this mostly on/in my own posts but also just in general.  


When someone writes a comment that I have neutral feelings about and it has 0 points, I almost always upvote it.

I feel bad that someone who is just expressing an opinion that hurts no-one gets downvoted.

  
Anyone else do this?   


What makes you upvote or downvote comments or posts?  

.
I was just at Costco and I heard a kid say the sweetest thing.
I was at Costco doing some grocery shopping, I was walking by this family and I hear a kid say the sweetest thing. 

The kid was probably 8 or so and we were by the flowers/bouquets. He told his mom that when he gets older he needs a Costco membership so he can buy his future wife some nice flowers. 

I hope nothing ruins this kids outlook on love and he stays sweet.
.
Started a new account because my old username was kind of cringey, but I forgot that a lot of subs have age and/or karma limits...
So I’m just creepin around, feeling like a weirdo because I can’t interact with a lot of subs yet! 

How’s your Wednesday going? 
.
Today is my one year anniversary of quitting smoking.
Not too many people in my life seem to care that much, but I’m really excited and proud of myself. It’s one of the most challenging things I’ve accomplished, and I just wanted to put it out there somewhere. 

It’s crazy, I never realized how bad I smelled, how much people would wait for me to smoke before we did anything, or how often I was sick or moody until I gave it up and saw life through the lens of a non smoker again. 

EDIT: WOW! Gold! Thank you so much kind stranger, and to everyone for the overwhelming support. I honestly thought I might get one person reply with something like “cool go u” I had no idea I would get so many inspiring stories and such incredible support for not just me but everyone in here. Y’all just gave me so much faith in humanity today. You rock. 
.
NSFW I accidentally named my coffee maker after a pornstar
I make coffee every morning with a stovetop percolator, it's one of those items that you use so much that you never really pay attention to, it's just there in the kitchen. At some point in the last two years I started referring to it as a 'Bella Moretti' coffee maker.

So this morning I was cleaning it and read the word Bialetti on the side, I couldn't figure out where my name for it came from. After a quick Google apparently Bella Moretti is a reasonably successful pornstar who has now helped make coffee for all my family and friends. 

Has anyone else innocently given an inappropriate name to a household object? 
.
Today I am having my first date night with my wife after getting married, I'm very excited!
Today is a good day friends.

My wife and I have been super busy and stressed since our honeymoon ended, so we haven't really had a lot of time to spend together. Though, we have now decided to make Wednesday our "date night". It's important for the both of us for a couple of reasons though. First one is I have been working for a solid 12 day's straight and I have the next two days off. I can't think of a better way to start off my short little break from work. Second one is my wife is currently working on becoming a teacher and is student teaching for the first time today! She has to lead a review for a class that has a test tomorrow, and teach some new content to another class. She said she is pretty nervous but she's going to do great I already know it.

As for what we are doing. We do have one obligation that we have to take care of, one of which is walking our neighbor's dog which is something we both enjoy so that'll be nice. After that we are probably going to go to our local hipster coffee shop for some drinks. Haven't been there in a long time so I am pretty excited, they have great hot chocolate (I don't like coffee myself so hot chocolate is my go to). Then we are probably going to get some dinner and come home to play some Mario Party, Call of Duty Zombies, Stardew Valley, or maybe watch one of our lazy shows. Who knows! But I am very much looking forward to my afternoon because of this. 

TL;DR: Starting date nights with my wife, it's been really stressful lately so it's going to be amazing to get some quality time together.
.
I compliment strangers as often as I can and I love the effect it has on them.
Every time I see a stranger who has obviously put effort into their outfit, especially if it's really unique, I'll always stop them and compliment. Nothing creepy, just a super quick "your dress is amazing!" "you look beautiful!" and it really perks them up.

You should try it, it makes your day and someone's else's day a bit brighter and encourages them to keep being a little bit unique! :D
.
Just had my last cigarette.. wish me luck y’all!
I’ve smoked for five years now. Quit twice before once for a year, once for 45 days. Really really hoping this is my last time ever quitting cigarettes! So so tired of my never ending cough, and having to schedule my life around cigarettes so calling it a day! So.. wish me luck! 

Edit:Forgot to mention, my mother and I made an agreement that when I stopped smoking she’d start wearing her seatbelt so that’s an extra bit of motivation for me! 

Edit2: doing my best to reply and upvote everyone! Thank you truly everyone for your support and kind words. I’m going to be coming back to this thread when times are rough. For everyone who has quit smoking/is quitting I am SO damn proud of you! You can and will do this babes!! 

Edit3:Made it to 24 hours!!! Yay! I thought the first morning cigarette was gonna be a bit more of a bitch, but I did alright actually! 
.
Man, I felt so cool yesterday.
Alright, so I recently started working my first job, and it’s at undisclosed pizza place. 

So, basically, this pizza place is kinda like subway, where you tell us what you want, and we make the pizza in front of you. 

So, I was the only one working the front, and I have this kinda sunny disposition when dealing with customers, kinda goofy, and just trying to make them enjoy their experience more. 

There was this one old couple who came in, I took their orders, put their pizzas in the oven, and rang them up. They were real happy, so I was proud of myself. The man reached to shake my hand, and I took it, and after we finished shaking, he gave me two dollars in tips. 

Man, I felt so cool then. My first tip, and I did that cool handshake pass thing? Hell yeah. 
.
I'm 37 and I'm about to have my second daughter. In 37 years, I've witnessed the rise of videogames from Atari on forward. I saw the rise of phones from wireless to modern smart phones. I've seen so many things in 37 years. It baffles me to think that my daughters will see so much.
I can't even begin to fathom what my daughters will see. My first television was a 13" Panasonic, while my parents had a 27" RCA. My daughter's first television is a 65" flat screen. What will 35+ more years bring? I grew up in a computer-less household, but my daughter watches Mickey on a high-end gaming setup with 6TB of harddisk space. I grew up on Blockbuster and local rental shops, with many popular supermarkets having a small section for rentals. My daughters will grow up with streaming services and Netflix.

I'm not sure where I was going with this, but this is something I'm constantly in awe and wondering about...
.
First cigarette in years went not as expected
So, I quit smoking about 4 years ago. I had a couple cigarettes in that first year, but haven't had one at all in like three years. After mulling it over a good bit recently, I picked up a pack of what I used to love smoking, Lucky Strikes, to allow myself the luxury of a smoke on a cool spring day. I figured it would be enjoyable, and this one pack would last me ages if ever finished. I have no interest in being a smoker again, and I have a lifestyle that would help keep me from it again. 

Anyway, lit one up today at lunch and couldn't even smoke half of it. Got a wicked head rush, but damn, smoking is NOT enjoyable anymore. What the hell? Luckies are 10 bucks a pack. I doubt I'll even smoke 2 of them. Haha.

Clearly my memories of enjoyable smokes in cool, sunny weather are from a time gone by for me. What a weird experience that was today. 
.
I discovered my supervisors fart room
You read correct.  A room a person goes to fart in.  Its a closet where we store our cleaners and mop in our stockroom.  

Disclaimer: everyone poops.  Everyone farts.  And i would never tell anyone in person of what I witnessed, let alone coworkers.  So I just want to share anonymously.  if this thread blows up I will delete it..

I was taking my break in the stockroom. Typically you just go to the breakroom for breaks, but it was so hot in there. So i just found a chair and browsed my phone. Very much hidden from view. 

My boss came in oblivious to me being in there.  She Walked into a small closet, closed the door, and alleviated the pain we all suffer.  Instinctively I sped walked away before she could discover me sitting.

I witnessed that not only is there a fart room.  I am witness that women do indeed pass gas.  With that being said, I'm more of a "crop duster" myself

Edit: oh my goodness.  Silver and platinum.  Thank you!  Unfortunately I won't be able to brag about it at work but it's still amazing.  If I had a bucket list, winning that would be on it.

Edit 2: now gold too!  The trifecta
.
At 29 I've finally understood why old people get up early
Not going to go into too much detail about my personal life, but for the longest time I was one of those people who would stay up until 1-2am then head to uni at 9:30-10. Now that I'm a bit older and have a career of sorts, the 6-4:30 work hours have made it so that I can't really afford the luxury of doing that. On a whim one day a few months back, I decided to get up at 5 on my off-day and do what I'd typically do only earlier (grocs, jog, yardwork) and haven't regretted it since.

For starters, the early time means that the city area is mostly 'dead' making tasks way easier, with the time it's taken me to do groceries being reduced by about 10mins or so and my jogging route rarely being hindered by traffic now. The older people I've run into doing both have also been incredibly friendly with most of them saying hello as I've passed by them. There's also the relaxing feeling of it being midday and already having all of the annoying daily stuff being done.

So yeah, that's all I really wanted to say. If anyone has any other questions, feel free to toss'm out there. 
.
I went to the store with $5,32 I had in leftover change.
I decided to buy apples and bananas, I don't remember the exact price per pound. But even though it was risky I decided not to weigh the fruit first. The total price ended at exactly $5,32. When I noticed I became very proud of myself, and pleased I didn't have to  remove a single banana from my items. This totally made my day!

Edit: I've been informed by many I was supposed to have used a period, not a comma. Noted for next time
.
I’ve created a list of more than 200 interesting questions. Comment a number and I’ll ask you one!
Hi CC! I love having conversations with people and asking questions that can reveal a lot about them. I have 225 questions and the list is growing all the time. I’d love to ask you all some!

Edit: Alright guys, it’s been a blast but I have to go to bed. But I’ll still reply to every single number comment with the corresponding question, so if you still want a question and don’t mind the fact that I’ll be replying tomorrow, feel free to keep leaving comments. Similarly, I’ve prioritised the number comments and haven’t had time to read many of the answers to the questions I’ve asked, but I definitely will tomorrow. I’m so surprised and delighted by the reception this has gotten, and I’ll be posting a Google doc or PDF of the full list of questions at some point in the next few days as an addendum to this post. Good night, everyone!

Edit 2: I'm back! Let's get going.

Edit 3: Alright, here’s the full list of questions. It’s been so cool getting to know you all, thanks for taking part :)

Edit 4: [Here’s](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1K_iFxFt9lh1i0mxKRIhOSd2e8X1LNvxnihbChKXhyOc) the updated version of the questions list with almost 100 additional questions :)
.
Today I learned that you eat popcorn microwaved....
I know this is going to sound stupid, but I am actually shook right now. I am not an idiot, I've always gotten A's and B's in school, I have a job, and I generally understand how the world works and can pick up on new things quickly. 

I played a lot of baseball when I was younger and one thing baseball players like to eat a lot of is sunflower seeds. Sunflower seeds are just seeds you toss into your mouth and eat. Typically, you wouldn't think to eat a seed, but with Sunflower seeds it was totally regular and that's just the way you'd do it.

I always thought popcorn was the same way. You want something to chew on? You rip open a bag of popcorn and either chew them, swallow them whole, or spit them out after chewing them for a bit. That is how I had eaten popcorn the most of my lift, and nobody has corrected me.

I know what you are thinking. How did you not realise earlier? Did you never go to the movies? I always knew popcorn was associated with the movies, but I thought it was just something you chewed on during the film, after all, who wants to be looking down during a film. It also didn't help that the box we purchased popcorn from didn't show the popped product on it, so I never knew what it was supposed to be like.

I always hated popcorn growing up. My parents asked me if I wanted popcorn when we went to movies, and I would always say no, because who wants to chew on that shit during a movie? I would chew a bag maybe once a month, but never any more than that, as I wasn't a big fan.

So how did I find out? Well recently, I had purchased a different brand of popcorn. This brand actually had the popped corn on the side of the box, which confused me. I got home, ripped open a bag, and started chewing. But then, as I was chewing, I started reading the bag, more specifically, the instructions. As I read the instructions, I immediately spit out my kernals and tried making another bag, popped, in the microwave oven. I didn't think it was going to work. I heard a pop, and immediately opened the microwave, as I didn't think that was good. (I know it sounds stupid, but bear with me). I then put it back and let the kernels all pop. The total microwave time was 2:15. Then, I opened the bag to some yellowish popped kernels. They tasted soft and hard but melted in your mouth all chewy and buttery. It was so good, I finished the bag and immediately microwaved another. I can say without a doubt that this is now my favorite food, and I love it. I always thought you chewed the hard kernels, but now I know you eat it microwaved. I know this story sounds made up, but it is 100% real. If you want to ask questions or recommend other types of popcorn, please comment!

**Edit:** I live in the United States in case you were wondering. I had tasted and loved Pirate's Booty and Cracker Jacks before but I thought that was a different food entirely and never associated it with popcorn. Holy shit though, this might be the best day of my life. For reference I am a 15 yo male.

Thanks for gold. Glad y'all enjoy my story. A learning experience for me, and will be a great story to tell my future children. 

I will also compile all reasonable suggestions into a list and will try them all and make a followup post if y'all would like that. 


.
My brother is officially cured of Cancer :)
I posted [this] (https://www.reddit.com/r/CasualConversation/comments/4p7gn1/my_little_brother_just_finished_his_last_round_of/) right around two years ago when my brother finished his last round of chemo. A few days ago he had his last "regular" meeting with his specialist, saying that he was cured and wouldn't have to see them for another 3 years instead of every other month. Just figured I would give all of you lovely people an update, if any of you still remember :) To any one who is fighting cancer, has a loved one fighting cancer,  keep up the good fight. If you need some encouragement, or have any questions about going through it all, I am happy to share. Have a great evening everyone :)

Edit: Holy crap, I woke up to one hell of a celebration! I'll read through this all soon! Thank you all!!!
.
Reddit has educated me much more than any other social media has come close to.
For example; I love seeing research posts on the front page, or ELI5 posts. I read the comments and see experts explain in simple terms how pretty complex ideas work. 

My most prominent example though is when I was talking to my GF and her sister about contraceptives when we wandering down the ‘personal care’ isle at CVS. They were pretty much only taught about abstinence, birth control, and condoms. They had no clue IUD’s exist and asked me what the ‘plan B’ was that they saw. I thought it was quite bizarre how two women had no clue about a $50 pill that’ll save you $300,000+ of a child. Just thought it was crazy. Couldn’t have known it thanks to Reddit though :)

EDIT; I know it may sound like I may have been ‘mansplaining’ but I was just informing, wasn’t trying to be condescending.

2ND EDIT: I understand I wasn’t mansplaining, thanks everyone for informing me :) 
.
The little messages that pop up when you upvote things here are awesome.
I come here to upvote and chew bubblegum. I don't have any bubblegum, though.
.
I was at Chipotle last night with a friend and he said something that made me smile
We were eating burritos, and mine was packed to brim and ready to explode into an uncontained mess. As I got to the last few bites and it became less and less stable, this conversation happened:

"This is the beginning of the end for my burrito."

"Yeah, that thing is totally gonna fall apart."

"Just like my life."

"... That's just because there's too many good things in it."

I just thought it was a cool analogy and a clever way to give a positive twist to my pessimism. And I've been kinda bummed about a lot of things going on in my life lately but him saying that made me realize that recently, things have really been picking up. I *do* have a lot of good things in my life.
.
I saw a picture of my wife in an ad on the bus and I'm so proud of her!
She works for a local food company that caters to students  in the local area. She's middle management, but she's important enough to be part of their marketing material. She's also on the website for her company. I didn't expect to see her picture today and it just make me so excited and proud!
.
My wife just asked if the strong winds we currently experience stem from the Hurricane... we live in southern germany.
I told her "no its too far away, the atlantic is pretty big you know" She then said "but they just passed the carribean", to which i replied "But thats also very close to the USA". She: "Oh, i thought they where near Australia" ITS EVEN FURTHER AWAY!!!. I love her.
.
Today my classmate said I was cute
We were doing a photography lesson and had to use our cameras to adjust to certain settings and then take a picture of our partners as practice, so my partner took a picture of me and then looked at the picture and was like "so cute!!" when I didn't really pose or anything, I only smiled. It made me really happy because I don't really think about my looks often, and when I do, it's always negative, self-conscious thoughts. Especially when it comes to cameras. 

Anyway this just made me think, if you're worrying over the state of your hair, or that pimple on the top of your nose, most likely people won't even notice or care that much. You're cute (: 

Edit: wow reddit silver! I did not expect that. Also rip inbox :")
.
I took a bath with a snorkel.
Was taking a bath and wanted to be more underwater so I got my scuba mask and snorkel, turned so I was laying on my stomach and played out the rest of my bath breathing through a snorkel. I’m 36. I’m not embarrassed at all but I thought I’d share. :)
.
Does anyone else feel like they’re just very mediocre at everything?
I think about some of the stuff that I do in life and whenever I think about the skills involve I realize I’m incredibly mediocre at most things. I don’t have a single thing in my life that I can look at and say “I’m super good at this”. Does anyone else feel the same way?
.
Today I realized I can actually choose whatever I want to do in life
I just got back from an appointment with my therapist and I was hit with the realization that I can do whatever I want to do in life. I'm in uni right now, but if I wanted to quit my studies and become a bus driver, I could! If I wanted to open up a flower shop, I could! If I wanted to travel the world for a year (and I had the money), I could pack my bags right this second! If I wanted to be in a shitty band and play shitty gigs and have tons of fun doing it, I could! I've always lived with the assumption that I'd do smart stuff at school, do something smart at uni and then do a smart job til I die. It's not true folks! Don't believe it! You can literally do *whatever* you want. Anything! Really!

Just wanted to share this little piece of wisdom with this lovely community. Hope you're all having an amazing Tuesday! :)

&#x200B;

Edit: This got more attention than I thought it would! I just wanted to clarify that I don't necessarily mean that anything is possible, because there are certain limitations in life such as money, time, etc. What I do mean is that you should not let anyone's expectations or opinions of what you should do *add* to those limitations! 

Edit 2: wow!! Thank you so much for the gold!!! 
.
I found my old iPhone 4 from 2011 today and discovered why I was bullied.
A lot has happened since I was a young teenager. I’m 23 now and I really remember very little of my interactions before 2011. I was bullied since kindergarten, changed schools, was bullied again and then decided I was “emo,” which didn’t really do me any favors.

My dad told me once that I was bullied because I gave them a reason to bully me. That used to piss me off big time.

Reading my old messages and looking through my old pictures, it’s become apparent to me that I was a hypocritical,  annoying, over-dramatic, insensitive and arrogant weirdo with absolutely no clue what was going on around me. 

It’s only been ~8 years, but so much has happened since then.

No one deserves to be bullied, but I understand now why I had such a hard time making friends.

I don’t recognize the girl from the messages, and thank god for that. I think I might’ve succeeded in becoming a better person.

Edit v2: So I just woke up and finished reading my entire inbox. Thanks for the nice comments, they were really encouraging. :) Also, obligatory first silver AND gold comment. Good morning!
.
Had a big mom victory this week!
My only daughter started her period this past week. My upbringing was very lonely and there were not any grownups around to help and guide me when I was little so I am DETERMINED to do better for my kids. We had talked about the possibility (eventuality) of this occurring and I put a lot of effort into stressing this was normal, and healthy and just one of those things you deal with. 

So the big day came and she very calmly told me that she thought it had started and I helped get her situated and dropped her off for a lesson. Then I went to the drug store and got a fancy gift bag and filled it with tea, and pads, and a few sweet and salty snacks, and a funny card about cats because she loves her cats to pieces. I also got a beautiful bunch of flowers. When I picked her up a half hour later I had everything sitting on her seat in the car and she was floored! She said she was going to open the bag in front of her brothers and if they were jealous she was going to tell them it is ONLY for girls and if they want one then they have to have a period first! HA! 

We have a pretty relaxed and supportive family so the rest of the fam was more than happy to play along and be supportive. Then the hubs came up with the nick name "Cramp Champ" and we all were cracking up. We are now a few days in and she THANKED me for doing that and helping her. I cannot even begin to imagine how she must feel but I do know I would have very much wanted someone in my life to do that for me at that age. I just kind of feel like I nailed this one. I didn't have a good mom model so I wing a lot of this.  I wanted to do better and I did. And it made my daughters life better. It is a great feeling. 

If you have a kiddo in your life don't underestimate a "big" gesture for a milestone. It was inexpensive, practical and I think it just helped send a message that it was gonna be okay. 

What are some things you would have wanted an adult to do for you when you were young that would have made a difference?
.
So apparently I can’t just do laundry anymore, very vaguely nsfw
So I was going to post this on r/TIFU but I didn’t end badly so I couldn’t post it there, but I still want to talk to people about it. This was also written on mobile so I apologize if it looks weird on desktop.

So last night went to go do laundry at my local laundromat, as my apartment is without a washer and dryer. Everything went fine up until I started to fold my clothes. I’m standing there minding my own business, listening to [jet set run](https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=3SDBTVcBUVs) with one earbud when out of the corner of my eye I see some people, that’s when I here a woman say “this is him, you need to call the cops right now.”

Now of course having done nothing wrong I didn’t bother looking at the people, ya know cause why would I. All of a sudden I hear the woman say “ you’re disgusting and shouldn’t be allowed children”. I finally look up and there’s this older woman and Scott, the gentleman who runs the laundromat. Please note that I’ve been using this laundromat for about 4 years. The conversation that followed that statement went as follows;

Me - (calm and slightly confused) I’m sorry, is  there something? Hey Scott.

Woman - yes there is you’re a disgusting human being and should be arrested and banned from here.

Me - I really have no clue what you’re talking about.

Scott - well she is lodging a complain against you for stealing clothes.

Me - well.... that’s absurd, I’m 6’2 and weigh like 350 pounds, who’s clothes am I stealing?

Woman - your stealing little girls panties! They are right there!



Now you should be aware, my fiancée is a tiny thing. She’s like 5’1 and 120 pounds soaking wet, so her underwear is equally as tiny. She’s also a massive nerd and a large chunk of her underwear are comic and rapunzel themed(she loves pascal). 


Me - (picking up a pair of Harley Quinn underwear from a large pile of similar underwear) you mean these, these belong to my fiancée.

Woman - they do not! I saw you turn and look at the dryer behind you, you stole those from the dryer behind you! (The dryer in question actually had small children’s clothing)

Scott - (turning slightly red) actually ma’am he’s telling the truth, those are his fiancées.

Woman - so you’re not going to call the cops on this degenerate!?

Scott - ma’am he hasn’t done anything wrong.

Woman - you’re both in on it then, I be you steal them and sell them to you lowlife friends.

Me - nope, just a guy doing his fiancée laundry because she’s a bit of a germaphobe.

Woman - (looking at me then to Scott) well then. If you’re not going to call the police, then I will, and I’m never returning here.


She proceeds to walk outside and sit in her car and get on the phone. I look at Scott and tell him I’ll stay a bit in case the cops actually show up. About 15 minutes later a cruiser pulls up, the woman proceeds to get out of her car and start telling the officer whatever. He then proceeds to come in and the whole conversation happens again. After about 20 minutes I look at the officer and tell him I can prove my innocence. The woman looks at me and loudly says “and “how are you going to do that!?” 

I reach into my laundry bag, pull out a few pairs of her underwear, and then proceed to pull out my phone. Because my fiancée and I have a fairly decent sex life, I have plenty of pictures of her in said pairs of underwear. The officer just starts laughing and says I’m okay to leave. The woman just about loses her mind at this and stormed out yelling “this is bs, I can’t believe he’s just going to get away with this!”

But yeah, because if my fiancées taste in underwear, I apparently can’t just do laundry anymore lol


Edit - if I don’t respond, it’s because I’ve gone to bed lol

Edit 2 - to be clear, this conversation is not word for word, this a shortened version of the events that played out. From start to finish this is maybe like an hour and half.

Edit 3 - to those curious how Scott knew they were my fiancées, I/we see Scott a couple times a week, our schedules happen to line up with when here’s there to clean and what not. Over the past 4ish years we’ve gotten to know each other pretty well, as such Scott is acutely aware of the fact that we don’t have kids, but has obviously seen all the “child like” underwear that we wash and dry, the math is pretty simple after that lol.
.
During a very scary and nightmare of a bad bad domestic situation/divorce/emotional devastation....my kids and I came home to an envelope. Inside were gift cards for dinner, an arcade, ice cream and the movies. I didn’t know anyone in that town really.
I found out the woman who did it was an elderly lady who was the grandma of my daughter’s classmate. Putting a smile on my kids’ faces during such a dark time while being in a financial mess was the most unbelievable act of kindness. From a stranger. Good people exist. We documented the date with pictures and colorings for her, little prizes from the arcade, and I will forever be grateful. I never ask for help or share my woes, and it was hard to accept...but I did. Like a blubbering idiot. We took that experience to pay it forward during our hard time because no matter what, there are always people dealing with a situation worse than your own. We were poor but there were people who had less than us. Kindness is truly contagious. Kindness doesn’t need to cost anything. Thoughtfulness is free. ❤️
.
I Whistle-blew on my manager, who then proceeded to e-term me. Millions of mismanaged funds will finally be going back to the hospital patients
Can't go into detail because of doxxing, but I whistle blew on my manager who had "mismanaged" a few million dollars. Money that would have gone towards medical equipment and hiring more nurses/doctors. They will never know what I did and I will never be able to be thanked, but that bitch is going the fuck down. Multiple team members are now threatening resignation since I was the highest performing employee in our shift. I'm so proud of what I did and it makes my anxiety attacks from unemployment worth it. I planned for months and collected evidence, and had an emergency minimum wage job ready in case I did get fired. I knew whistleblowers got shit-canned. I'll probably lose my apartment and had to cancel all of my subscriptions and donations, making 1/3rd of what I did will be hard but I'm confident I'll have a good job again in a few months.

I'm happy about my choices, and I'll tell my grandkids if I have them about the time I stood up for those who couldn't stand up for themselves. What pissed me off the most is real people in power could have stopped it, but no, a level 1 grunt had to put their first good job on the line. Fuck em all :).

EDIT: Holy shit

EDIT 2: I am talking to a lawyer soon thank you.
.
When I started using reddit 5+ years ago, I would randomly friend people on reddit just to see if I would ever see them around the website. Every time I see the orange highlighted user name it gives me a little smile.
Basically, what it says above. I’d randomly pick redditors and friend them on their profiles, which in turn highlighted their name orange. I see a lot of them around to this day and it’s been 5+ years since I’ve done it. I wonder if they recognize my username as well.

Edit - Classic I am surprised this post is doing so well! Lets keep friending y'all
.
I ran 3 miles straight for the first time ever!
Hi Reddit! I just got back from a run and my face is hot and sweaty and red but I’m probably the happiest I’ve been!

For some context, I am NOT a runner. Nor athlete. In general I’m pretty close to a coach potato. But I randomly decided today “Hey! Why don’t I go for a run.”

So I did. And I ran. And ran. And ran. And decided to keep going because I’ve always wanted to be able to run 5 miles without stopping. (I think the furthest I’ve run without stopping was around a mile for school in 8th grade)

But gee! My perspective has changed in the short while I’ve been out. The run definitely DOES get easier. After the first mile or so I thought I’d wimp out and stop, but I pushed through the heavy, hard breathing, the stitch in my side, and my sore legs! 
After that hard push everything just got easier. Breathing and soreness really didn’t matter anymore. I could feel the wind, the clear evening sky, and the rhythm of my breathing was the center of my thoughts. It was so great!
All I could think about was the power I had left in my legs and body, as strange as that sounds. I kept thinking “why am I not tired.” So I kept going!

Except, one unfortunate thing: it was evening. So, in the middle of these thoughts it started to get dark. And I also started to get scared because of dangerous people. (Even though my neighborhood is mainly full of retired old people) But alas, I had to get home. 

And so here I am. Breathless, tired, but so excited. I think I’m going to go for another run tomorrow! 

If you got to the bottom of this long post I commend you stranger! Have you ever had any unexpected consequences to an impulse decision? I’d love to hear any interesting stories!

Edit: Jeez I woke up this morning with an insane amount of notifications. But thank you for all of your advice I’ll take any I can get! I love reading your guys’ stories—they’re so heartwarming. 
The weather is beautiful this morning, so I think I’m going off for a run!
.
Proud of myself for asking the barista to correct my order
It’s as sad as the title sounds! I’m a generally reserved person who gets uncomfortable asking for too much. But i have a long night of studying ahead and really wanted a coffee. Order a plain coffee with some soy milk and sweetener. I get handed a basically black coffee. I tasted it and internally screamed because i knew i had two options...drink it and suffer or ask for them to fix it! And i did! After awkwardly waiting to get their attention I asked him if he could add more milk since it was basically black and it was a pretty painless experience. For all my shy people...don’t be afraid to ask for a new coffee lol. 
.
Interviewed someone that claimed to have done my job, at my former employer, when I worked there nine years ago
A cautionary tale for people looking for a job:

I work for an IT consulting firm. A minor part of my job is to perform "phone screens" on perspective hires. I have a long background in IT, so I am used to "resume padding." I try to judge a persons actual technical ability, their ability to fit into our company, how they would do as a consultant, and try and get a gauge of their character. We have a wide spread of technical prowess on staff, so I focus on on the person. After years in IT, I think can do this pretty well.

Last week the owner sent a resume and called me to do a phone screen of a prospective employee. I happily agreed, not having read the resume. I finished my evening and went to bed.

The next day I read the resume.

This guy claimed to have worked at my former employer (a university). Nine years ago when I worked there. Doing my job. As a student worker working to gain two masters degrees in two years.

Before you start laughing, keep in mind this will mess with you. You don't expect this level of dishonesty on a resume. I started asking myself when I actually worked at the former employer, what I may have missed, what could have happened. I actually reached out to former co-workers about this person. I managed a lot of the student workers, but not all of them, so I thought maybe I was forgetting someone.

Nobody knew him. It was suggested that perhaps the resume had formatting errors or he was talking about the wrong university.

I decided to give the candidate the benefit of the doubt, but I wanted to be sure about my former workplace. I called the registrar's office to verify the degrees. After much checking, we could find no record that he even attended the school.

I should have called off the interview, but at this point, I was still trying to give the benefit of the doubt.

I called him on time, and started the interview as normal. I explained the position, told him this would be a technical interview, and answered his first questions.

We started going through his resume, and I asked a technical question relating to his claimed experience.

That is when I first heard the mechanical keyboard. I can not be certain (no video) but I am fairly confident that he was Googling the answers to questions I was asking. I adjusted and started asking follow up questions that would be hard to quickly search for. He was unable to answer those.

After a few minutes, we got to my former employer. I asked who his supervisor was.

I have never heard of the person he claimed.  I let him know I worked there at the same time he was claiming.  In the IT department, like he was claiming.

He responded with "Oh, sh!t."

I explained (briefly) that I was the person that would have been his boss, and that he was claiming to have done my job.

He tried to tell me that he worked in a different building.

This is when I got mad.  I told him that there was only one IT department for this rather small school.  I had to stop myself from calling out all the crap, instead, I just ended the interview. 

I wasted 45 minutes of my life.  Well, he wasted it.

I called the employment agency that recommended him and told them everything, including the bogus degrees. I then called several other agencies and gave them the scoop, complete with his LinkedIn account and resume that showed the same false information.

The odds of me interviewing this jerk were insane.  I find this both ridiculously funny and infuriating.
.
Kissing was different from my expectation
I had my first kiss a few days ago. I was way more awkward and slobbery and confusing than I expected it to be. We just both kept laughing at how bad we were at it. It was also her first time kissing someone so we kinda had to figure out out together lol.
.
My teacher called out my paper on “what not to do”
I worked really hard on a paper and it got called out today first thing in class of “what not to do”. The teacher excluded my name and other identifying information but he said that the paper was from someone in the class. 

I felt like cold water was being poured down my back, a prickling sensation all over my body, my cheeks burning up, and my stomach was churning. A girl laughed which made me feel worse. 

I wrote the paper as best I could, went to the teacher for help, asked for more help over email but each time the teacher just blew me off. I asked other classmates for help too but no one really seemed to understand the paper instructions either. More than half the class did not do well either. 

It just felt awful to have my paper called out and used as a prime example of “what not to do”. What a great way to start a Monday. 
.
I have no one to tell really, but I got my first publication in a healthcare journal!
By no means am I bragging. I just have no one to share this with. Now you can google my name and not have my social media be the only thing that pops up. Thanks for reading :)

Edit:  went to sleep after submitting this post..wow!! You all are amazing- I’ll go through as many comments as I can before I gotta head out today.  
  
The amount of love going on here is too much!! Y’all the best!  
  
Edit2: Did not expect this level of feedback. You all are amazing, I’m at a loss for words. It’s been a tough busy week at work and all your encouragement and well wishes are doing amazing things. Reaffirming that this sub is one of the best on reddit. I’ll try to respond to comments when I’m back home at my desktop tomorrow. Much love everyone!
.
I helped my company secure a multimillion dollar account...and I have my love of zombie movies to thank for it.
Background; I work in the shipping industry and my job is primarily focused on dealing with hazardous materials, international shipments; and most importantly preventing and habdling damaged product.

I have been on the warehouse floor for 10 years and have done a little bit of everything. One day our sales rep asked me if I would be willing to share my knowledge with potential clients who come in to see the facility. I was encouraged to discuss my history with damaged goods, how we do the process, the % of damages versus how many packages go through us, and our equipment.

Well I was getting very good at answering questions and explaining all the processes. When we got a new group in to check out the warehouse, our salea rep brought them over per usual to me at the end.

One of their leads started asking me a lot more questions than the norm. How we handle packages whose labels got removed, how we handle product that fell out of a box; etc and etc.

I nailed all the questions and ended it with "We have a process and plan for practically any problem..."

To which the guy responded; "And what if there is a zombie outbreak?"

Now I love zombie flicks and am a huge horror nut to begin with. One of my favorite "bored" past times was to make up zombie apocalypse survival plans in my head or with other friends at work. We always joked how we would use the warehouse as a bunker.

As such; i switchdd immediately from Professional Mode to Geek mode and without missing a beat i responded;

"Well our walls are 14 feet high and surround the entire facility. Reinforced with rebar and steel to prevent any break downs. We only have one gate in and out for drivers. All we need is to take the trailer off its frame and drop it before the gate to secure it.

We have an on site gas station that we can use for any fueling needs including the several generators we keep for backup. Once secure we take inventory of all the shipments we have which will most likely include food ammo and other necessities. We have roof access to monitor the surrounding areas and our catwalks allow easy scouting off the ground floor inside. All rooms can be locked and oir security footage can handle our blind spots."

It was a knee jerk reaction. 100% geek powered. The looks on their faces were priceless and our sales rep was trying to keep from laughing. They ended up signing up with the company - not because of me but they admitted I helped as my answers were one of the best parts of the tour.

It is still one of my favorite customer interactions to date.

**edit** Omg thank you for the silver!!
**edit 2** 2 GOLD AND PLATINUM!? THANK YOU SO MUCH EVERYONE
.
My best friend called me after 3 months and it felt really good
So like a few months ago I shifted from India to the USA. I am a teenager and don't relate to basically anything that they say. My English is very good so that wasn't a problem, but I just find it hard to make friends here. Then one day I got a call from an unknown Indian number.

"Kaun hai?" (Who is this?)

"Tera baap huun madarchod!" (It's your daddy speaking motherfucker!)

Only one person talks to me like that: my best friend. That made me really happy to hear and the time difference only allowed us to talk for like 15 minutes, but it was heartwarming to hear someone and catch up on stuff. I am quite lonely here and just thought I would like to share this here.
.
I just shook a surgeon's hand and it was a surreal experience.
My girlfriend donated a kidney to her aunt today, and I'm in the hospital, visiting, being supportive. When the donor surgery was over, the surgeon visited us in the waiting lounge, told us that everything went well, and shook our hands. As he was walking away it blew my mind that (with the help of some tools) *those hands just cut into my girlfriend and removed an organ*. I've shaken pro athlete's hands, sat inside quarter-million dollar sports cars, gotten signatures from famous authors, stood on movie sets right where the actors had been, visited historical sites where world leaders lived and worked... but nothing has ever been as surreal as shaking hands with a surgeon. I might just be susceptible because of the personal attachment. Just wondering if anyone else can speak on this.

Edit: Trying to keep up with comments and failing. I went through the toplevel stuff for awhile but I'm sorry if I didn't get to yours.
.
I just won $100 on a slot machine.
My SO had to wait in a long line for the bathroom, so I put $5 on the Juriassic Park slot machine and won $100. I hardly ever gamble, and to be honest I dont really understand the slot machine rules, but I was really excited to win! I already spent my winnings on lobster rolls and beers, but I just wanted to tell someone.
.
Someone asked for my number today!
This has honestly never happened to me, so it was pleasantly surprising when it did happen. I was sitting at a cafe, writing away in my little corner. I specifically chose the corner of the room because I get anxious being in a room if I can't see all escape points lol. Anyway, it wasn't super busy but two guys came over next to my table, and one of them asked if they could borrow the chair at my table for their table. Not a problem, he was super polite and kind when asking, apologizing for interrupting me and whatnot. 

&#x200B;

I was there for a few hours writing and responding to emails when I noticed the guy who asked for a chair kept looking at me. Normally, this would make me feel super uncomfortable, but it was more of a nervous, almost longing glance. I was pulled out of my writing stupor again when they both got up, and the same guy approached me. He was very nervous and shy but forward when he asked, explaining how he almost never does this and that it's okay if I say no. I was so flattered and equally surprised at how respectful and sweet he was that I immediately said yes. 

&#x200B;

It really brightened up my day! I've always been scared of being approached in that way, but in the warm comfort of my favorite cafe and with this very sweet and polite guy reassuring me that it's okay if I say no, I realized that maybe it's alright to receive attention in that way. That is, if the person is respectful about it. 

&#x200B;

Tl;dr: Someone asked for my number today and I was very flattered and accepted. It used to scare me thinking about getting approached in an unwanted manner, but if done properly I think it's a beautiful thing :) 


EDIT: Woah, okay, I wasnt expecting this kind of response when checking Reddit for the day! Thank you for all the positive comments, it's really kind of all of you. And for the people who asked for an update, yes, a date is happening on Sunday and I'm pretty nervous about it since I've never been on one before lol. Wish me luck! 
.
My mom was declared cancer free but I come here with a PSA
Dear people of reddit. 

Get it looked at. Yes, that too. Like, seriously, please, do.

Do not be ashamed to go to the doctor.

NOBODY there cares your ass is hairy, or your vage seems weird to you. Just... GET IT CHECKED OUT NOW!

My mom was lucky that what she self-medicated as hemorrhoids turned out to be a treatable tumor.

Just have it looked at. Really.
.
Reddit has completely ruined all other social media for me
I can’t be the only one seeing this, right? 

Everything, all the content, memes, jokes I see on Reddit finds itself on Instagram or Twitter a few days later. It’s like Instagram and Twitter are just mainstream versions of Reddit.

This has completely changed the browsing experience for me. Now, whenever my friends show me something I can’t enjoy it because I already saw it on Reddit. 

Idk, maybe it’s cool having a first look into the internet but being ahead of everyone kind of ruins the fun for me. I barely touch Instagram anymore, at least Twitter has some uniqueness lol. 

Just my thoughts for a casual conversation:)

e: I do love Reddit. And I’ll continue to use it:)
.
Anyone else feel unpaid internships should be illegal?
Thankfully, I'm in the position to take them, but it upsets me knowing my friends can't. I wish companies would stop exploiting young people so much. 

It's not even that our field is over-saturated. We're engineers at one of the world's best universities. There's demand, but never any money to pay us...
.
My internet friend who disappeared for 2 years sent me a DM today.
I'm just so happy and wanted to share. At some point, I started thinking that they might have died or be ill, or that they forgot about me... Ghosting never feels good, but this person is special to me, so it actually made me pretty sad to think I might never hear from them again. But today is the day. I got news. I'm just so happy. My heart jumped when I saw that notification.

&#x200B;

Don't lose hope, your internet friends that went missing might still show up. :)

&#x200B;

**EDIT 1:** Guys, this is incredible. Today, I went back to the website where I got that DM from and... Another of my dear friends had came back! One that went missing for even longer, 5 years! I can't believe it. I'm so happy. I can't wait to hear from them both! I'll update you when I know more.

&#x200B;

**EDIT 2:** These two guys met again 10 years later in this very thread! [https://www.reddit.com/r/CasualConversation/comments/bx69qf/my\_internet\_friend\_who\_disappeared\_for\_2\_years/eq7qfsg?utm\_source=share&utm\_medium=web2x](https://www.reddit.com/r/CasualConversation/comments/bx69qf/my_internet_friend_who_disappeared_for_2_years/eq7qfsg?utm_source=share&utm_medium=web2x)

&#x200B;

**EDIT 3:** The friend I talk about in the main post (the one from EDIT 1. hasn't replied yet) changed country and has a new, tiring job. They decided to focus a lot on their job and on side projects in order to benefit even more from them later. So, good news. I'm happy for them. :)

&#x200B;

Also, to people saying I'm too forgiving or that I should be mad or expect great explanations, know that I didn't tell the full story when I posted this post. I didn't expect people to care about it that much (it's the first time one of my posts here gets any attention I believe), so I didn't give much details, but know that I, too, left that website for a year straight because some people pushed me to do so (a large group of people had a hobby of being assholes to me every single day for whatever reason). 

I truly don't care about the reasons that much anyway. They're alive, that's the best thing I could hear. All the other stuff is personnal and I'd never judge it.
.
I think my neighbor thinks I can talk to her dog
I have a neighbor who walks a beautiful brindle bulldog mix on my street every day. Today I was just coming home from the grocery store when they walked by on the other side of the street. The dog stopped to stare at me and I could hear the owner trying to get it to walk again. So I looked over, and like I do with most dogs, I talked to it. I said "Yes I see you over there. You're beautiful but you better finish your walk now." And then the dog took off walking again. The owner stared at me for a solid 5-10 seconds with huge eyes, and then turned and followed the dog.
.
I'm getting married this year and I'm continually amazed at what people think they can talk to you about
So first off, married guys think it's hilarious to say "Don't do it!" "Run!" and stuff like that.  I find it really obnoxious.  Like, besides being super disrespectful to your wife [and kids], it's just plain insulting to me.  I'm 37, I've been in relationships before.  Obviously I'm not in some crazy hurry, I made the choice deliberately.  And they'll go on forever, spending 10-15 minutes regaling me with tales of their misery.  I am just really unamused when guys do that, particularly when it's people I've known for a matter of minutes. 

Then there's the crap my family pulls.  As it gets closer to the big day I'm getting tired of reminding relatives it's my wedding and not theirs.  My mom is constantly preoccupied with me following tradition and convention, and she's kicking in a lot of the money so she gets some say, but still.  Gimme a break already.  

And this is the real kicker- "how old are you?  How old is she?  OH SHE'S GOING TO WANT TO HAVE KIDS RIGHT AWAY."  Like Jesus Christ dude we just met, the viability of my wife's ovaries is not your concern.  I said I'm getting married, not breeding racehorses.  I just can't believe the stuff people say so casually and uninvited.

Edit: I've never had to say "ow my inbox" before.

.
My friends threw me a surprise party two weeks after my birthday.
My birthday was on a Wednesday so about two weeks ago we all decided to go out for my birthday on a Saturday night. It didn’t go well at all. Three of my friends had the flu. My car got broken into and the window shattered all over everything. I ran into my ex and he “accidentally” spilled water on my shoes. So basically, the night was a disaster. I went home and cried the whole night, and didn’t get out of bed the next day. I deactivated all of my social media for two weeks to be alone. 

Yesterday, my friends invited me out for dinner and then we were gonna go to our friend’s, we’ll call her B, house warming party. The dinner was awesome and delicious, we all had a good time and good laughs. My car is still in the shop so I had to be driven around by my friend F so he had to take me to the party. 

Only about 5 friends went to dinner but when we got to B’s house I walked in to a house full of my friends. They turned on the light and jumped out and said surprise! They made me a birthday cake, had my favorite wine, and decorations. I teared up because it was the sweetest thing anyone has done for me in a long long time. It made me feel extremely loved and important. 

I just felt like sharing because I woke up today feeling very happy. I hope everyone has a good day! 
.
I figured out why everyone is anonymous on reddit. It's so you can be honest to yourself.
This is solely my interpretation:  
I was in my office, shortly after a meeting, and some senior employees were having a chat with all the new employees (such as myself). One of them starting talking about politics and supported some policies that I fundamentally disagreed with.  
In that moment, I could see a few other people noticeably uncomfortable, but no one said anything because we were worried about creating a bad impression, how it affected our relationship with senior members, how it might sound, what others may think,  etc.  


I came back home and while browsing reddit, saw someone mention their support for similar policies as the senior employee had. And without fear, I wrote a comment mentioning everything that I felt, but was too afraid to say in my office. 

I got to say something that I felt needed to be said and I am forever grateful to reddit to provide me with an outlet to do so. I can't imagine doing so on Facebook, or Insta. 

I can be the most honest version of myself here and I'm so happy to do so.
.
Life is fucking weird, just experienced the biggest coincidence
 I am studying in Barcelona and I have made a Turkish friend here, I´m Turkish as well but live in Europe. So one weekend two of his Turkish friends were visiting him from Austria, and when we started chatting I asked one of his friends where he was from Turkey. And he said this small town, where barely 150 people live. Turns out he lives in the same town where my grand parents live and where I used to go every year. I couldn´t  believe it and asked him a couple of questions. He got everything right. Then finally I asked him if he knew my uncle, because they´re the same age. He told me he was friends with my uncle. Biggest mindfuck I have ever had. He lived in the house in front of my grandparents house. Of all the  towns he could live from in Turkey, he lived in the same one as me and my grandparents do.
.
I made a custom hoodie for a singer that I like, not sure if he would like it. A day after I gave it to him, I saw him wearing it in public, and he uploaded a photo of him wearing it on his Instagram. I still can't believe it.
[TLDR at the bottom]:

There's a singer who's a part of a singing group that I like. He's few years younger than me, and I've come to the realization that I didn't just like what he does but that he actually inspires me. Before the particular moment in my title, I had met him once in April during a fan meet and greet, and in August I saw him perform a mini-concert. (It was a regular length concert, but with various artists who each performed several songs.) After that time, the group announced their first tour  in the United States so I jumped on that. A few days ago I had the privilege of being able to see their soundcheck, go to another meet and greet, and finally see the show. 

During the meet and greet I didn't show him the gift (bag) that I made him. I just handed it all over to the people running the whole thing and carried on as usual. During the meet he asked me if he's seen me before, which was so surprising because I had only been in front of his face twice in our lives, one of those a fleeting moment. 

I finished meeting the rest of the group and we took a photo. I left. Later on was the concert, and when it ended I carried on my life as normal. 

As a millennial / generation Z (cusp), of course I had to upload a few clips from the concert on social media the next day. As I did this, I looked at some of the groups' social media pages. They were uploading clips (almost "live") of what they were up to as they prepared for the next concert in another city. 

I also see the guy make a post saying something along the lines of "I love hoodies." I think to myself, mostly kidding-- "Is that a coincidence when I gave him one the day before? I think not!"

And not even ten minutes later, there it is... The member that I gave the hoodie to... ***Wearing the hoodie.*** 

In the clip, for about a tenth of a second I see the guy with a sweater the color of the one that I bought him. I thought to myself "That's different than the color of their merchandise, right?" (as they haven't really worn much anything other than that during tour) And I looked away. I told myself to calm down, that he's not wearing it, that I shouldn't get my hopes up. That my goal was accomplished as long as he had it and did whatever he felt necessary with it (like pass it on to someone if he didn't like it, etc). After I did that, I cautiously watched more of that clip, staring at the sweater. I had no proof that it was mine... But then he turned around. And at that moment **it was real**. That was definitely the one that I made because that's the only one that exists that looked like that. Not that it was a special sweater, design-wise, but it was made in a way that you could tell it wasn't made by a machine.

I couldn't scream, but I yelled all sorts of expletives. (It's rare that I curse.) I was home alone so I could freely let all of my energy out. 

I hurried to show all of my friends the clip of him to show them that it was my sweater (which in hindsight was kind of pathetic in a funny way, haha). They share my excitement, and minutes later I get a notification from one friend, just freaking out. By this time I'm just like "What?" Because I've reached peak level excitement and surely whatever she says wasn't going to have been necessary for the way that she wrote it. But then she shares me a new post and it's from him. **These posts he made with a photo wearing it had over hundreds of thousands of likes.** To be fair, you could barely see the sweater-- and only the front at that (when the part I decorated was on the arms)-- but that doesn't matter. I know that that's... what's what I gave him. 

That was my first time ever giving a well known person something. I never thought that I would, but something just made me want to make him a gift. Out of all people I knew he would likely be appreciative but I didn't imagine the posts, let alone so soon. I was just hoping he'd ***see*** the sweater! 

I wrote him a somewhat personal, somewhat goofy letter that I put into the gift bag I got him. I don't know if he read it or just saw the sweater and liked it, but in the letter I explained why I chose the design/wording on the sweater. I like to think that he read the letter and made those posts to-- firstly, freak me out (because who doesn't love surprising their fans, I guess?), and secondly, give me a sign. 

*And that's the story about how I, a casual fan of someone's work and personality, freaked out over a hoodie.*
_____________________________________________

**TLDR**: I made a singer that I admire a custom hoodie and gave it to his staff to give to him after a meet and greet that I attended. I made him the hoodie because I thought that at the very least he would appreciate it, even if it wasn't something he personally liked. Along with the hoodie, I gave him a few other things in a gift bag. One of the things being a short letter explaining why a hoodie and why what I put on it. I leave the event, my job done, having had a good time. The next day he posted on his social media about how he loved hoodies, my eyes wide open. About ten minutes later I see photos and videos of him wearing the hoodie not only on his group members' social media profiles, but also on profiles from fans and his own profiles. My friends and I are the only ones who know what happened, so it's kind of an inside thing. Well, until now I guess. But still, kinda.        
  
______________________________________________

**EDIT: Since a lot of people asked--** It's a Latin boy band called CNCO. (Pronounced like English letters, which sounds similar to "cinco" in Spanish.) Because... Five. 



   
.
When folks tell me I'm fat . . .
I just laugh and tell them that they have no idea. Six years ago, I was 300lbs and a size 28 pants. Now, as of 10/2018, I'm 180lbs and a size 14 pants. The progress is slow, but by golly, I'm hella proud of where I am now. I even tell'em, they shoulda seen me back then, versus now. lmao.
.
My wife and I are expecting our first son at any moment
Her due date is technically end of July, but he is measuring ahead of schedule. She is 50% ephased(sp?) and lost her mucus plug (I am told that means he may be here soon). We have been married for 6 years and together over 10. We are super excited and I just want him to come already!! I know everything will change and we will lose sleep, but I do not mind at this point, just excited to be a dad for the first time! :)

Edit 1: Hey guys sorry for later update, seems I sort of jumped the gun. I apologize, I'm just super excited and when the doctors told her he could come at any time, we assumed it would happen. Of course he's being stubborn, but we are inducing him a week from today (if he doesn't come before hand). Again sorry for later update, just didnt have news until today. So at the very least ILL BE A DAD IN ONE WEEK!!! Thanks again for everyone sharing in my excitement, I can't wait to hold him. :) :) I'll update again once I know more!
.
I stepped out of my comfort zone, and I’m proud! :)
Hey y’all!

So I don’t get invited to many places a whole lot, but tonight, my co-workers invited me to go hang with them at a bar downtown, and it was the first time in my (young) adult life I did something like that.  My friends respected that I don’t drink, but we enjoyed chatting, meeting new people, listening to a live band, dancing, all the fun stuff that happens every weekend lol!  I’m proud of myself for accepting the invitation because I’m usually introverted when it comes to things like that, but I enjoyed the experience and I honestly hope I can do that again very soon!

I’m sorry if this post sounds lame lol, I’m just really glad I wasn’t forgotten by friends.  Some of them even said “AYYEEE, WE NEVER SEE YOU OUTSIDE OF WORK!” That was funny (and true 😅😂).

Edit: I was not expecting all these comments of support or see your stories about getting out of your shells, but I love reading all of your comments!! 😊 You’re all freaking amazing!  Nothing but love for all of you wonderful people! 😊❤️
.
Learned I’m the one “with all the cool sneaker” at work.
I’m a middle-aged woman working in a semi-creative role at a Fortune 500 company. My style is pretty casual and nondescript (or so I thought), but I looooove sneakers and sneaker culture and have a decent collection that I wear them pretty much every day. 

Yesterday I discovered I was known across my department as “the one with all the cool sneakers” and it made me stupidly happy to learn that.
.
From Prison to Straight A's
Midterm grades have posted and I have at least a 95 in every class. Got out of prison in October and started school in January.  If I keep a 4.0 through the end of this semester I will get a $6,000 transfer scholarship.

Also, my big paper in my english composition class will be my final for the end of the semester. I have decided to write about banning the box on college admission applications that ask applicants to list criminal convictions. If I am able to craft a solid argument I plan to submit it to a state newspaper.

thanks fam!

\*edit, i've been informed that scholarship may not be available to me as it is highly competitive. No worries something will work out!

\*\*edit 2:   Got accepted to my 1st choice to study Nutrition and Addiction! I really need help funding my living expenses and tuition. Please checkout my Etsy store if you need any handmade gift items, it really helps me out!

My etsy store: [https://www.etsy.com/shop/ArkansasHandmade](https://www.etsy.com/shop/ArkansasHandmade)
.
Someone once told me a deja vu is life telling you that you are on the right path, that you are where you're supposed to be and your future self has been there before
I think that's a very romantic way of looking at it, but it's something that's stuck with me for years now. Whenever I experience a deja vu, and I experience very few, I go back to this. "Oh, so this means I'm on the right track". Sort of like your life giving you a nod that, you are supposed to be here - let me show you, your future self has been here. So you feel like this whole thing is familiar, because you are supposed to be there; you've been there. It's kind of nice when it happens. You forget about it, so all the times you are NOT having a deja vu, it's not about "oh, I'm not on the right path" but when you do suddenly have one - this comes to mind and it gives me such a positive energy. I don't normally believe in any of this stuff, but it's a nice way to look at it don't you think?
.
I'm at my girlfriend's prom right now. I lost her and her friends didn't want me to hang out with them so I'm exploring the hotel like a secret agent.
Bored. 

Edit: Prom is over. I had an exhilarating run of investigation and secret agentry. I probably disturbed and confused many hotel workers, but it was well worth it. My travels took me to life threatening areas, life *creating* events (if you know what I mean) and some pretty mysterious places. I'd highly recommend it next time you're bored in a hotel. To all those saying the "friends" and my gf are in the wrong here, I agree. I was trying to make the best of a bad situation, so I appreciate your words of support. I'll probably talk to her about it. Hopefully I'll return back to the hotel soon to finally discover what's behind the final door... I know at the very least it's the roof, but it could be something much, much cooler. Have an awesome day! 

Edit 2: you guys are awesome &amp;lt;3 thank you for your kind words. For those wondering... yes, I got laid. It was my secret agent duty. Also pics are coming soon (not of that last statement :P of the red ladder and the high frequency room).

Edit 3: Finally got home and pics have arrived! 
https://imgur.com/a/bA6Ge 
I made a handy album with descriptions. Enjoy and let me know what you think!

Edit 4: Thanks to some publicity from the bestof link, somebody who went to the same prom contacted me and said he knows employees of the hotel and can possibly find out what's in the secret room! Stay tuned everybody!!

Edit 5: Agent schnebly5 reporting in...the drama continues! Thanks to /u/countingchris, whose friend's mom works at the hotel, supposedly that area of the hotel is HAUNTED and guests aren't allowed up there! I did a little research and couldn't believe what I found: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Omni_Shoreham_Hotel#Haunting. That's right where I was snooping around on the 8th floor, and I had no idea of any of these rumors!! This just keeps getting weirder...

Final Edit: Doubt anyone is still reading this but we broke up :(
.
I just dropped my entire plate of food into the bath.
Two slices of pizza, two cheese sticks, and a brownie. I hadn't even taken my first bite yet. Now I've ruined my breakfast (don't judge) AND my bath...

I'm a fucking idiot.

...How's your Sunday going CC?

EDIT: You guys made this my most popular post, I want to drink bleach. But in all casualness, I'm glad you guys appreciate my buffoonery. I may hate myself, but I love you guys. 
.
Today, after 2 years of university, I finally managed to gather the courage to ask a question in class :)
Edit: did not expect this to blow up - I really would like to answer each and every single one of you but it's hard keeping up with the comments! Im definitely reading the comments though :)

I thought about the question and formulated it in my mind for like 15 minutes before I even dared ask it, and my heart was pounding like crazy even just at the darn thought of raising my hand (I hadn't even spoken yet and my anxiety was kicking in). 

But I did it!

I raised my arm and asked the professor a question.
.
I spent 3 years in prison. Dropped out of college when I was 20.
Now I'm back in school 10 years later, straight A's, studying my butt off, lift weights every day, eating a very clean healthy diet. I look better an feel better than I have in years. I'm 3.5 years sober and 5 years clean from Meth.

Just wanted to take a minute to say life is good. Thats all fam'!

\*\*edit 2: Got accepted to my 1st choice to study Nutrition and Addiction! I really need help funding my living expenses and tuition. Please checkout my Etsy store if you need any handmade gift items, it really helps me out!

My etsy store: [https://www.etsy.com/shop/ArkansasHandmade](https://www.etsy.com/shop/ArkansasHandmade)
.
Y'all remember when there was gum stuck on everything?
I'm 37, and I remember growing up and constantly dealing with gum stuck all over the place. I just saw some and realized I haven't seen it in the longest time. I wonder what changed?
.
I learned an amazing lesson from a substitute teacher years ago, and I just learned that he died.
When I was in middle school, I was bullied relentlessly, and had very low self-confidence. I walked around all day between classes with my head down, watching my shoes and the floor.

Mr T. saw me doing this in the hall one day, and stopped me. He asked me why I was looking downwards, and I had no real answer for him. He told me something to the effect of, “there’s nothing down there for you, and if you think that there is something there for you, there isn’t. You’re worth more than that.”

That stayed with me since I was 12 years old, and aside from watching for ice, I’ve never looked down since then. Instead, I’ve held my head high (or just eye level I guess) and every time I’ve felt anxious or self-conscious, and my eyes would dip low, his words, his sentiment, would echo in my ear. And I’d bring my head back up somewhat proudly. 

I told a friend two weeks ago that this was the best advice that I’d ever received. I know it isn’t much, but for me it changed my life for the better. And yesterday, I found out through Facebook that he passed away after a battle with cancer.

Mr Turner, wherever you are now, you are not forgotten. I think about what you told me daily. You truly have made a massive difference in my life, and I thank you for it every day.

Keep your head held high, friends.
.
I am young and alive
First time in london, just got home from a pub hosting a 20's jazz night.
I danced with an old man who said the words i might never forget:

'I was young like you once. Sixty years ago. I can almost remember it.'

I cried in the bathroom for around 10 minutes.
I'm grateful I can experience this moment of youth.
.
I've been sober for two months and I survived my office Christmas party last night.
After spending most of my (27F) life struggling with one of my parents' alcohol addiction, I finally started going to a therapist on a weekly basis. Whenever I'd drink I'd get so scared of losing control and 'becoming' my parent and I'd have full-blown panic attacks. So a couple months ago I decided to cut alcohol out completely, which is tough when you live in London and 95% of social culture is based on dat drinking lifestyle. But I've done it, not touching a drop for two whole months, and I feel fantastic.

I've been real nervy about my office Christmas shindig as it's renowned for being centred on having excellent drinks, and it's a small, close-knit company. I've not really had to explain to anyone that I'm not drinking anymore, or *why* I'm not drinking anymore. But I went out with everyone, ordered a sparkling water and lime at lunch, and stuck with it all day. I got some questions, and I didn't really go beyond "Yeah, drinking didn't agree with me, so I'm on soda these days", but it wasn't a big deal at all and I could have cried with relief. It ended up being a fantastic time, and the support I got from everyone meant the world to me. 
.
If you are reading this, I hope you have a nice day
Hello, I woke up today with a positive energy and happy for no reason. I wish that I can make you feel the same or at least make you smile for a while.
Have a great day everyone
.
My mom just melted my heart
So I just came out of the shower, and I told my mom to go shower, but she fell asleep on her bed. Tried waking her up, but she just fell asleep again. 

So as I was just watching her, I placed my finger into her hand, and she just instinctively grasped my finger. Just very gently. I pulled my finger away and tried again. She did it again.

And now all I can think about is maybe how much she grasped my tiny hands back when I was a little kid.

I love you mom -

Edit: Thanks kind stranger for my first silver! Gosh all these comments make me ready to cry, haha, you guys are the best 

Also, so I asked my mom about it this morning, and she was like, yeah I felt your hand - you gave me a finger, so I grasped it! But she was legit snoring throughout that entire thing, so....*shrug* she’s adorable either ways haha - have a great day everyone!
.
I wonder how many tourist's photos I'm in. I wonder if there's a picture with me in it, hanging in someone's house.
I live in St. Augustine and it is quite a tourist attraction. Born and raised here so I have spent many years going downtown and still do. Always walking by and in front of people taking pictures. Always wondered how many I've made it into.

EDIT

Thanks for the gold kind stranger!! 

EDIT 2

Wow! Did not expect so many comments! I have really enjoyed reading your stories! Maybe one day we will find these pictures of ourselves. I like the facial recognition ideas!
.
I asked a stranger for his number!
So NYC’s subway system gets pretty crowded during rush hour and today during my morning commute I (f) found myself standing next to this rather attractive shaggy haired guy that smelt of sweaty cologne. 

I wanted to ask this fellow for his number. I’ve never done this before so I reached out to my guy friend to ask for an execution plan (“just show your tits and ask, “ask him if he goes to the gym”...bad advice). So from the ride of 34th to 116th Street, I went through a series of anxiety symptoms, sweaty palms, shakes, rapid heart rate. Finally between 116th and 125th, now or never, I mustered enough courage and it went something similar to this, “hey, so I think you’re kinda handsome and was wondering if I could have your number if you’re not seeing anyone” and proceeded to hand him my phone which he entered in his number. 

I sent him a txt at 09:30am and now it’s 1pm. Still no answer. You win some and lose some 🤷🏻‍♀️

Having gone through this experience for the first time, I have a new profound respect for males (and anyone else) who do the pursing, mustering up courage, facing possible rejection and executing a plan to get a stranger’s number

Despite not getting a text back, I feel very proud of myself for stepping out of my comfort zone and following through! 

EDIT UPDATE @ 9pm: No message back but it’s okay. I’m not upset or hurt, or phased in any negative light by this experience. I’m just happy that I went through with it. Thank you everyone for your kind message, words, and insight to the situation. 

EDIT UPDATE @ 8/20 : 16:25, YO GURL GOT A TXT BACKKKKK AYE YOOOOOO! 🙌🏽🎉

EDIT UPDATE! Shaggy is 21...I am 27, not about to rock the cradle here 
.
My boyfriend and I held hands at a party and while walking through a city and didn't get assaulted
We're gay. We went to a party last night and were often holding hands or had our arms around each other. We sat on each other at some points. We walked down the street holding hands or with our arms around each other too. Passed several people on the street and didn't get assaulted, any insulting comments, or any dirty looks. We didn't face any problems at the party either even though we only knew a few other people there, and we had no idea how the rest would react.

It feels like such a luxury to be able to do this. I couldn't help but think what would've happened a few decades ago, or what would happen just if we were in a different location in the world now. It's scary to think of what could happen, but I feel so fortunate to have been able to do it with no issues.
.
So... I had a birthday and got no gifts
FINAL EDIT 26/5/16: I'm gonna delete my account soon. It's kind of a symbolic thing for me in a strange way. I've changed a lot since I made this post and I appreciate each and every one of you, and now I feel it is time for me to leave this behind and keep working on making myself better. Hope you understand, love you all very much <3 Thanks for everything!

EDIT: IM DOING A GIVEAWAY FOR STEAM CODES FROM THE ONES I GOT, HERE IS THE POST: http://www.reddit.com/r/CasualConversation/comments/2l23k9/my_giveaway_steam/





Barely anybody even rememberd it... I was really expecting my sister to get me the game I wanted but she forgot my birthday too. :(


Edit: Wow... You guys are so great!i Thanks fpr the wishes, gold and everything! So appreciated!


Edit 2: You all made me so happy. Thanks to every single one of you!


Edit 3: Seriously you guys are insane, some awesome people even sent me steam codes. You all made me SO happy today!


Edit 4: Sorry if I havent replied to you i have been very busy, will try to answer all later today. THANK YOU SO MUCH REDDIT <3

 Edit 5: I got so many things sent to me so Im gonna give sone away! Look out for giveaway very soon!!
.
I'm so glad you are with us today. Your feelings matter and you make this world better just by being here. You are loved.
There is so much confusion and animosity in this world. I'm just so proud that you could stay present through it all.

You are so much stronger than you think you are. It's ok if you don't feel that strength all the time, even now. We're here to help support you. We believe your pain. Know that if you stumble and fall, we don't think less of you, we're not looking down to judge your struggle. We can sit and rest for as long as you need. You are loved. 

You matter to me and to so many others. If we have not met in person, if you can't reach out to find that helping hand, just remember we are still here with you, always. You have support even when it's hard to find. We believe in you and we want what's best for you. You are loved. I look forward to sharing that with you someday, but if I never get the chance, know that you are loved and appreciated all the same.

---------------------

**EDIT:** I'm hesitant to post this edit, since I'm just me and I'm not affiliated with anything. But this is more important. 

For anyone afraid they might hurt themselves, if you can, please try and take a few minutes to read this. It helped me:
https://metanoia.org/suicide/

There are resources and phone numbers at the bottom if you want to talk with someone right now. I am here too if you feel more comfortable, but I'm not trained in any special way. I'm just someone with love to give. I hope you all stay safe tonight and wake up knowing how much I love love LOVE you!
.
Moving to my own apartment (no roommates, no partner) for the first time ever!
The bad part is that my rent is going to be more than double what it is right now. The good part is that I'm getting a massive two bedroom apartment with a real dining room and huge living room ALL TO MYSELF! 

I have no furniture but I ordered a mattress and am obsessively scouring pinterest to figure out how I want to decorate. I used to be pretty "goth" so I had dark red sheets, black blankets... and when I lived with my partner I tried to stay "cool" and upgraded to lots of grey, black, and white... but maybe that's not what I want.

I'm going to buy pale pink sheets and a linen duvet cover. I'm going to adopt my first cat(s). I will feel free to meditate in the living room, to cry and not worry about anyone else, to eat whatever food I want.

Sunday I'll be moving all my stuff (pretty much exclusively art supplies, mason jars of dry goods, and books) and starting my new life!

Anyone have any advice/suggestions to someone making a fresh start?

edit: Whoa guys, thanks so much for so many amazingly helpful comments. I will keep you all in mind as I move and begin setting up. The common advice I received is to take my time, and I'm going to try! I really appreciate y'all.
.
Thanks for giving my grandpa laughs, Reddit
My grandpa died today. He was 91, and though I have had him for 36 years, it was not enough and no amount of time would have ever been enough.

The last time he was really awake enough to talk with me, we looked through dogs on Reddit because he loved dogs so much. People posted them rolling around, being silly, little fat puppies, and he wanted to see all the dog pics. He has been too old to own a dog for a long time, and misses it. When he was healthier, he and I would take my dog to the dog park and laugh at what a great time my dog would have.

So, it's cool to get karma, and I suppose that's a reward. I checked my data usage and we looked at 400MBs of puppies that last night he was able to talk to me. You made an old man smile when he was riddled with cancer, scared for the future, and on his last full day talking to his family. 

I don't really know how to live in a world without him, but I guess right now I'll go look at those dogs we laughed at and save them in my comment history. 

Keep posting good dogs.
.
What’s the best unorthodox date you’ve ever been on?
I had I think the best date ever yesterday. Was talking to a girl on tinder and met up with her for a date. It was already pretty late so we went and got ice cream and just talked. For hours. We tried to find something to do but it was so lay that almost nothing was open. We finally just ended up going to Walmart(lol) and just walked around and talked. We looked at all the really bad books in the romance section, the toys, the movies, and just talked about them and laughed. I’ve literally never laughed harder and for as long as I did last night. She has the best sense of humor and we were just so in sync the entire time. We literally sat on the floor laughing at stupid looking romance novels for an hour at least. Afterwards we just drove around. We listened to her favorite songs, she told me stories about herself, and we talked so much, I feel like I know her better than some people I’ve been in relationships with for months lol. Finally I took her back to her house to drop her off and we ended up sitting in my car talking for at least another hour. We have another, more “normal” date tomorrow (dinner and a movie) and I’ve never looked forward to spending more time with someone as much as this. Such a strange first date but it’s honestly I think one of the best I’ve ever been on. 
.
A former bully just called me to apologize
So I'm a junior in college now, but when I was in high school, I was bullied for being Jewish. Never anything physical, or deriving from anything malicious, but just bullied. So yesterday, the main perpetrator reached out to me and asked me to give him a call. I'm not sure why, but in the back of my head, I felt like I knew what the conversation was going to be about. He had never been a bad kid; he was just a goofball, but back then, it didn't really matter. I was lonely, practically friendless, and really physically immature for my age. I was isolated. And I guess he picked up on that, and saw me as an easy punching bag, incapable of punching back. The worst part is that deep in my heart, I really wanted to be friends with this guy. I thought we had a lot in common, and shared a similar sense of humor. He hung out with the cool kids, I didn't hang out with anybody. So I would take the abuse, hoping that by weathering the blows, I'd somehow become buddies with him. But we never did.

Anyway, so I give him a call today, feeling a bit apprehensive. I knew he would be nice on the phone, because deep down, he was always a good kid. So we're doing some small-talk, and I finally just say, "What did you want to talk to me about?" He paused, and then told me how upset and infuriated he feels about all the hate in the world, especially in the current American political climate. He loathes racism and bigotry, but has always felt like a hypocrite. He told me that, every now and again, he thinks about how he treated me, how he made the Jew jokes for the laughs and because he knew I wouldn't fight back. Then he started to sound a bit choked up, and just said "I'm sorry." And, just like that, I forgave him. It's not like I'm a push-over, but I knew that he really, really meant it, and I respected the hell out of him for making amends. I told him that, at the time, he did a lot of damage to my self-esteem and my psyche, but I'm alright now. Then we agreed that next time we were in the city, we'd meet up. I'm actually looking forward to it. Maybe we'll finally become friends.

I don't know why I felt the need to share this. It's just kicked up a lot of memories and feelings I thought were in the past, and now I'm not sure how to cope with them. Anyway, thanks for reading. If anyone has a similar story, I'd love to hear it.
.
I'm proposing to my girlfriend tonight
My girlfriend and I have been together for nearly five years and I've known for quite a long time that she's the one I want to spend the rest of my life with. She's everything that I look for in a person and more, she's a 10 in every category and I'm definately not, so I can't help but feel lucky. I've called her my wife for years  now because in my eyes she always has been but tonight I want to make  it official. I have our friends in on it helping me out and she has no clue. I'm confident that she's going to say yes but I can't help but be super nervous, I wasn't nervous  until I woke up  this morning and I started doubting  the whole idea, but it's happening! I'm going to do it juuuust before midnight so well go into the new year together. Wish me luck!!
.
My birthday is tomorrow and tonight i cried.
I turn 30 tomorrow. It hit me all at once. I have traveled the US working for different companies, fallen in love, gotten married, gotten divorced, and on multiple occasions wanted nothing more than to die... But tomorrow I turn 30. I never thought I would make it that long. I was so overwhelmed with joy. I could not hold it in any more. 

Never give up! 


Edit: This post is getting more traction that I expected. Thank you everyone! I will try to comment as much as I can. 
I wanted to let everyone who is struggling know that you are loved and you matter. Please call and get help if needed. I am so happy I am alive and wanted to share it with everyone.
Please call 1-800-273-8255 or visit https://suicidepreventionlifeline.org/ if you are struggling! 

Edit 2: I am completely overwhelmed with gratitude from all of the well wishes. I am having an amazing day and have plans for a an amazing weekend.
.
No matter what I do, I cannot take a person seriously if he/she asked me my zodiac sign and starts telling me characteristics I "have"
I have met a lot of people I liked and the moment they ask me my zodiac sign and start talking about it, I feel like I cannot communicate with them. I feel that astrology is such a bullshit thing, that, if I meet someone that says anything about it, I automatically assume they are stupid.
.
I tend to assume every user on Reddit is a male until they mention otherwise.
Even when they say "my husband/boyfriend" I just assume they are gay. I don't think this is a good thing.
.
Probably my favorite thing about going on a trip is being able to come back and use my own bathroom.
Being away for a decent period of time always gives me a renewed appreciation for my bathroom and all it's done for me.

What's your favorite part of going on a trip? 
.
Apple saved my wife’s life.
Recently, Apple released an update for their new Apple Watch. It enable ECG and people could start taking tests.

I let my wife try it on and it kept giving us alerts and telling us to see a doctor soon. We did multiple tests to see if it was true.

We rushed over to the emergency room and told them about the results and they sent us straight in and past the line.

The doctor said that if we didn’t come in, my wife could’ve been having a heart attack in a week. 

Now a few days later, everything is starting to stabilize. We have been taking it easy and are grateful for Apple and the doctors that helped us.

(EDIT) This is literally a couple of minutes after I posted this but Apple has reached out to us and they want to have us be in one of their upcoming apple commercials promoting the ecg feature on the watch. This has all been a long emotional rollercoaster and we are super overwhelmed.
.
Am I the only one who search for answers on Google but added Reddit at the end of the question to see if anyone one shares the same problem?
So after reading so many advises, stuffs, knowledge on Reddit. I have the habit of adding "Reddit" at every end of my questions to see if anyone has the same problem as me.

I can't be the only one right? 
.
Friendly reminder not to get a bunny/chick for your kids this Easter
They live 10+ years and are a huge commitment. They both are social animals and need more than one to thrive, need a ton of space to exercise, need fresh fruits and veggies daily, and can stink, especially chickens. 

Don't get me wrong, they are wonderful animals to keep. But don't buy them because they are cute and fluffy and it's Easter and your kids will love them. 

And for the love of all that is holy do NOT buy any animal that is dyed an unnatural color. I will personally hunt you down and make sure you never own anything living every again. 

Thank you, have a good night. 
.
I’m fighting my stutter!
I’m a 17 year old stutterer. Ever since I was little, I’ve had a stutter. About 2 years ago, it was really bad, but it’s gotten better to the point where I can call people on the phone and raise my hand in class. Sure, I stutter a lot, but I’ve been able to sort of hide it from the world. But recently, my school had an activities fair where you get to choose clubs to do. I said “fuck it”, and joined Mock Trial and Speech Club, both a stutterers worst nightmare. I feel like this is the year that will be different for me, and I’m trying to make it that way!

Edit: You all are too nice. Every single comment has been supportive. I feel so energized and ready to go out into the world and talk! Also, thanks for the gold!
.
Good morning Reddit
I'm sitting in the parking lot of my job about to go in for work today. It's a very rainy Saturday this morning in Texas. It's cold,  But I have to say I'm grateful to have this job. My family is at home sleeping in a warm house, And I just wanna wish everyone a good Saturday whether you're working or at home family or alone I hope that you're able to find some kind of rest and peace today.

*edit* I have to say, I am overwhelmed by the outpouring of well wishes, karma, the people from far and close, and the gold! thank you all so much for making this a great Saturday!
.
Every night I tell myself I'm gonna go to bed early, and then next thing I know it's 4am and I'm still up playing guitar or watching Netflix or making French toast. I have no idea why I love this so much.
I'll have things to do the next day. I'll be tired as fuck. But for some reason I love the feeling of doing things while I should be sleeping. I tell my family Goodnight and for all they know I'm passed out but instead I'm walking to the store to buy a soda, or I'm taking a radio apart. I swear if people knew the things I did between midnight and sunrise they'd think I was on meth. But nope. I just like having a secret nightlife. If I wasn't so awkward and uncoordinated I'd probably go fight crime right now. Maybe I'll just do laundry instead.
.
I've been clean for six weeks now :)
Today marks the sixth week I've been clean. I'm finally out of the hole. Had to come to some harsh realisations about my behaviour. i can't erase that. All i can do is attempt to get better and move on.
.
My boyfriend is just cute.
This is just a passing thought but I really love my boyfriend. He’s so cute sometimes it makes my heart burst. I’m going through this really stressful transition in life since starting school, and he’s been so supportive throughout. But he’s so excited for football! After a long message of encouragement last night, he followed up with a text saying “FOOOOOOOOOTBAL!”

When I saw him that night he explained that for some reason, “ball” in “football” looked like it was spelled incorrectly and he took out an L. So now I next him “fooootbal!” And we have a good laugh.

It’s just the little things in life sometimes. I’m happy I met him.
.
Today my son graduates pre-school. They will definitely have a slideshow of their progress over the past 3 years in the special-ed program. I am 99% sure I will cry my eyes out at that point. I'm a 35 year old man
****UPDATE**** I cried like a small child. Thanks all for being so cool

It's been such a long journey of ups and downs. He went from being almost completely non verbal to almost being fully matriculated into regulsr classes. They think in a few years with proper support he will no longer need help. I will be a mess in that gymnasium today
.
Taco Bell is spreading here in the UK so I decided to see if the joke about it destroying your insides was true. Myth confirmed.
So I love spicy food and in particular jalapeños so last night I decided to have some Taco Bell to see if the meme about it obliterating your intestines was true, thinking it was just an over exaggeration. 

I’ll start by saying it was bloody nice and definitely tasted better than I expected. 

However. 

This morning I found that you really do pay for it the next day. I’m typing this from the loo, on the throne of my own naivety as my bowls make noises I’ve only heard in monster movies. 

I think it was worth it. 
.
Accidentally trolled a woman while I was getting flowers today
My wife and I are retired and both of our parents have passed. A friend of my wife is staying with us while her mother is in hospice. Since we have always jokingly referred to her as my second wife, I decided at the last moment to pick up flowers for her as well. I started walking away with two bundles of flowers in my hand and one of the other men getting flowers jokingly said "what are you trying to do make us all look bad?" I snarkily replied, "I get my wife and my mistress the same flowers, that way I don't have to remember who got what". 

We both got a laugh out of it and I turned to see the shocked face of a middle-aged woman looking at me as if I had just declared myself some sort of monster. The utter scorn she displayed was evident. 


I smiled and winked at I walked past her. 

I have not stopped chuckling about it all night long.
.
I don’t have anyone to tell the happy news to, but I came out to my sister and she took it really well.
We were just hanging out late last night, and I told her I was transgender and that I converted to Judaism (which are both big deals living in a hyper-conservative xtian family.)
.
2 years clean from dope.
Today marks two years clean from heroin and crystal meth. I had to move half way across the country to do it but here we are. I went from homeless in Arizona to rehab in Kalamazoo  Michigan to sober living in Detroit and 6 months later back home, sober living for a month here just to show everyone I'm serious about it and now I'm working two jobs bought a car and looking at apartments. Couldn't have done it without the support of my parents my sister her husband and my best friends. Thank you all of you.  
.
I had a crazy, scary night last night I have to tell someone about.
Major lurker on reddit for the last few years but this seems worth posting about


So i was laying in bed with the wife at about midnight. She was fast asleep and i was almost there when i heard my doorbell ring. I get out of bed and go down the hall to the front and ask who's there.  Some girl says her name is Allie. So i crack the door open to see what the deal was. Long story short she and her BF tell me their truck is stuck in a ditch down the road and asked if i could help them pull it out (with my truck that was parked in the driveway). Okay... I've been there so i agree and tell them to give me a minute to get dressed.


They seemed a little sketchy so i was wary from the get-go. But hey i'm sure i look a little sketchy to some people too, and the town i live in has a high poverty level and i was way below it for many years myself, so i tried not to judge to hard and just help.


Anyways we get in my truck and everything seems chill. We're talking about how they have a 2 year old and i have 3 kids myself.  I get close to where they told me their truck was and i see a couple cop cars stopped at it checking it out with their lights on. The first thing these people say is "oh fuck, keep going!" 


I was a dumb kid once and had my share of run-ins with the law over doing stupid dumb kid stuff. I ask them what they got in the truck. The guy says they have a pit bull in the truck. Okay... I don't buy that for a second because there is nothing illegal about that in this town. It wasn't worth the way they were acting.


So I drive past their truck and immediately one of the cop cars start following and i'm telling these kids that we are gonna get pulled over and they beg me to tell the cops that's not their truck. I tell them I'm going to tell the cops exactly what happened of course because I don't know you people, sorry bout your luck.


Sure enough the lights come on for us to pull over so i stop my truck right there and kill it. This is where stuff gets a little crazy. Worth mentioning at this point I notice the guy shoving something under my seat. I assumed it was drugs.


I roll down my windows as the officer is getting out of his car and i hear the very distinct sound of a round being chambered in a weapon. The officer puts on his authoritative voice and tells everyone to show their hands. He then orders the driver (me) to get out of the truck and keep facing away from him with my hands in the air and slowly walk backwards till he says to stop. When he stops me he tells me to get on my knees. He asks me who's in the vehicle and what's going on.


I tell him straight up these kids knocked on my door, said they were stuck, then freaked when they saw the cops. He's very reasonable and professional. Tells me he's going to detain me until he gets this figured out. So he handcuffs me and sets me in the back of the squad car. I'm not freaking out or anything myself because i live a block away and it can be verified easily that I was just being a good samaritan.  


He then goes and gets the guy out of my truck, handcuffs him and puts him in the back of the car with me while he goes and gets the girl.  I turn and look at the guy and say "what the fuck man? I'm just trying to help someone out and ya'll got me handcuffed in the back of a cop's car with a rifle drawn on me."  

The kid was very apologetic to me and says he swears he don't know whats going on. I tell him no big deal, shit goes south sometimes and I know I'm in the clear. 


After the officer talks to the girl he cuffs her and puts her in the backseat after getting me out. He tells me they verified what i said and tells me that the truck that was stuck is stolen out of Kansas! He then asks me if i own a revolver and asks that if he goes and looks in my truck and finds a pistol that it definitely wouldn't be mine. I tell him no sir i only own rifles and they are locked up at home. He asks for permission to check in my truck and i give it to him. 


I kid you not he went right to where the guy was sitting looks under the seat and comes back with that pistol he asked about within 15 seconds. So not only did they ask for help with a stolen vehicle, this dude had a freaking fully loaded .38 special in his pocket too. 


The cop kids around with me a bit and says 'no good deed goes unpunished, huh?'. I give him my information and phone number in case he needs an official statement from me. He thanks me for cooperating and sends me home. That was all the information i got about those two though I'm sure they are going to the county jail for awhile.


I get home, open a beer and tell the wife about the exciting last thirty minutes of my life. She reacts accordingly and tells me I'm not allowed to help strangers in the middle of the night again. I finally get back to sleep for about two hours and now i'm sitting here typing this up in a sleep deprived and adrenaline fueled daze.

I know this got long and thanks to anyone that made it this far. I just thought the lovely people here would like to hear this and I'd love to hear your thoughts on the matter.



TL;DR
    Got woke up in the middle of the night. Thought i would help someone get their truck unstuck the way i have been helped before. Ended up getting an AR pointed at me, handcuffed and put in the back of a cop car for awhile. 
 
Edit* The response to this post has been amazing. The comments from both sides of the discussion on being a good samaritan have been truly thought provoking and you all have given me a lot to think about. You guys are awesome thanks for all your input. 

Also I'm trying very hard to reply to as many people as I can but in between kids soccer games and my own family and friends wanting every detail I'm falling behind. So if I miss someone I promise I have at least read every comment on here. 
.
My boy is doing hard things!
I am the parent of a gifted 9 year old boy (I think he gets it from his mom; I’m just a glorified wrench-turning monkey). Academics come easily to him, mathematics, language arts, you name it. He appears to be a gifted distance runner, as well. He’s caring and compassionate, goes out of his way to be helpful to everyone. I joke with my wife that he has to be the mailman’s kid, because he definitely doesn’t follow in his Dad’s footsteps. 

He is also quite sensitive; he’s never developed his father’s thick skin. Whenever something goes wrong around him, he apologizes and looks like someone ran over his puppy dog. We’ve had the “not everything that goes wrong around you is your fault, and there’s no need to apologize” talk, but it doesn’t seem to sink in. And like a lot of gifted children (I’m told), when something challenging comes up and he doesn’t immediately grasp it, he gets frustrated beyond belief, and often shuts down, often breaking into tears, as well. I’ve tried to coach him on this, and try to coax him through, with little result. 

But-

He went to his first Tae Kwon Do class this week. He’s been wanting to try martial arts, so I found him a class I could get him to that fits into our schedule. The class started with various agility drills, stretches, etc. Then, as they went into a series of punches and kicks that have to be demonstrated successfully before earning their first belt, it began to happen. The class moved through them quickly, and of course, it’s his very first class. He was struggling, and one of the instructors moved closer to him to try and teach him. Of course, he’s still not getting it. Throwing the wrong punches, stepping off on the wrong foot, etc. He began to get frustrated. First his face took on a pinched scowl, the began to turn scarlet, and then the tears came. The class continued to go through the movements, and he continued to flail and struggle. 

And he didn’t stop. He didn’t shut down. Just continued on with tears of frustration and anger. But he continued. He looked like a blooming idiot, if I’m being honest. But I started to tear up, because for perhaps the first time, my boy, instead of throwing up his hands and quitting, he worked through it. He didn’t get it, for sure. But he kept on working through it. I have never been prouder of anything more in my life, than I was watching my son doing hard things, failing, and persisting. 

He’s gonna get it right one day.  And he’s going to be amazing. 

Anyone else have kids in this situation? Where they tend to shut down when things get hard? How do you coach them through it?
.
I was having really bad day but then I got rid of a blackhead that had been bothering me for over a year
It's like everything today was designed to piss me off, but then I got home and this blackhead that had been painfully stuck in the edge of my bottom lip for over a god damn year finally just released. Holy s**t it made my day so much better. The satisfaction is unreal.

It's the small things.

Edit: This got weird.
.
Cat school
Found out my daughter thinks when the cat goes outside during the day that he's been attending cat school where he learns to catch lizards, learns to safely cross the street, and practices his meowing skills...

Thanks for the gold!
.
I just got an amazing job offer post divorce that will let me 100% support myself.
When I went through with my divorce several years ago, I gave up a lot of benefits, my ex was military, and instead of screwing him over I chose not to take half of his retirement, or any of our government savings. I have been supporting myself by doing what I love, teaching horseback riding lessons. 

Though money has been fine since the divorce, the fact that I have no benefits, no real long term savings plan, and no way to support myself if I’m injured has really been weighing on me. I have been out of the traditional workforce for nearly 15 years, and though I went to a great university, I dropped out to get married and move across the country before I finished my degree. 

On a whim I applied for a job that wildly out qualifies me, but I knew I could do well if given the chance... and I got the job!!! Unbelievably they are paying me even more than I expected, have great benefits, and are thrilled to have me. I am so proud of myself I could just burst, but hate to continually talk about it to all of my friends and family. 

I was so scared to go through with the divorce after 10 years knowing that I would be on my own, but here I am, thriving and happier than ever!! To anyone out there who is afraid of making big changes, I encourage you to make the jump. You got this.

**Edit: there has been some concern for the fact that I didn’t take everything I was due from my ex-spouse. I just want to say that in no way do I encourage others to follow my lead. Everyone’s situation is different and I had reasons why I made my choices. Military spouses are amazing and have to sacrifice so much. There is good reason that they are entitled to half of everything. If you need/want it - take the money and don’t feel a bit of remorse! I knew that my ex would need the money more than I would - but it did cause a lot of anxiety to walk away. 

Thanks everyone for the incredible show of support! 😊
.
I haven't thought about killing myself in over a year.
It struck me the other day. For the last 10 years since getting out of the Army I've thought of committing suicide every day. 24/7.

I attempted it three times. 

I tried to get help, I did the therapy, medication, counselling, Group stuff, etc. Nothing worked.

I cut out the poisonous people in my life. I found new people to share my life with. It took time, but finally. I woke up the other day, and it hit me. 

I haven't, once, thought about killing myself. I didn't even realize it, but I was trying to help others and stop them from doing the same. I was looking to the future, making plans, following dreams. And not just because they were on my bucket list and I was trying to check them off before... You know. 

I didn't know where else to post this, so I came here. Figured someone would like to know, it gets better. It just takes work. That doesn't always mean medication or support groups. Sometimes it just takes time. 

That's what worked for me, at least. There is no one way that works for everybody. 

Don't give up hope.

TL; DR - I'm in a better place. I have people that care about me, and I care about them. It just took time to work through it. 

Edit: Thank you all for all the kind words, and insight. I hope you find that little piece of happiness you're all looking for in life. 

And to who ever gilded me, I thank you as well. You're awesome, keep it up! Made my day, I just hope you're having a great day as well. 
.
Today is the 90th day I have gone without one fucking drink!
Pretty cool, I had a serious problem for quite sometime. Its been a rough 90 days but it doesn't compare to all the rough days that alcohol addiction gave me. A new life has ben born!

EDIT: Woke up to tons of supportive comments and a thank you to the someone gave me gold! You all rock!
.
Today I overheard two women conversing on the subway. At one point, one of them legit turned to her friend (whose name was Becky) and exclaimed "Oh my God, Becky!" and it literally made my day.
They were two white ladies in their early twenties. I'm not even sure whether they know the song or not. As soon as I heard it, I let out a chuckle but I don't think they thought it was directed at them because I was staring at my phone. The song has been stuck in my head since then, and I can't help but smile when I think about it. Kudos to you, ladies!
.
So, a little mouse just came in my bathroom and asked me to open the door so he could go outside.
So, it's morning here.  I'm sitting in the bathroom like normal, and lo and behold, this tiny little gray field mouse comes skittering across the floor toward me.  (Eek!)  He just stops in the middle of the floor and kinda looks at me and then heads back out into my apartment.

I get done in the bathroom and I go out into the living room, and there he is... Just sitting on the little patch of tile I have inside my front door.  I go over and I open the door for him and he heads back outside.  I guess he's off to do whatever mice like to do early on Saturday morning.  Maybe get a bagel and a latte?  I have no idea.

Anyway, I thought it was an interesting way to start the day.
.
Asking out my crush in about an hour, wish me luck
This has been a long time coming but I am finally gonna muster all the courage I can and ask out my crush on a date. Also putting this down makes me feel obligated so I don't chicken out

Edit: after 2 years, 8 rejections and lots of anxiety, I have a date with a pretty girl. I'm on top of the world right now guys. 

Edit 2: thanks for all your kind words. If you're afraid of saying how you feel to someone, remember it only has to work once. We will fall many times on the road to success but those who never give up reach their destination.

Edit 3: Gold? Aww you shouldn't have. Thanks whoever you are! I'll pay it forward.
.
I have an anti vax dad and a slightly vaccine hesitant mom and am finally planning to get the shots I missed
Growing up, I have an anti vax dad and a vaccine hesitant mom (she’s better than dad but isn’t quite totally on board with them). I only got the bare minimum vaccinations and am missing a few shots (such as I never got some booster shots and never got shots for a few diseases). So now that I’ve been away at college on my own I’m finally able to get vaccinated on my own! So I plan to make a doctor’s appointment soon to go get them! Hooray!
.
My friend is homeless for few days and she's staying at my place. I just came from work and saw in the kitchen that she made me a dinner. I want to cry from happiness!
Last time somebody made me dinner out of nowhere was like 4 years ago and it was my ex-gf who loved cooking. 

It feels so nice to come back to apartment and see dinner ready. I'm gonna devour that chicken with rice with a joy I didn't think was possible.
.
My boyfriend doesn't have cancer!
I don't know if this is the right place to post this but I'm so happy that I could cry.

For months we've been told that my boyfriend of 3 years most likely had lymphoma due to issues in his lymph nodes. We were prepared to lose him.

We got a call today saying it's not cancer, it's just a really bad infection that's been lying dormant. It can be fixed with strong antibiotics. He's going to be fine. 

I spent so much time worrying, crying, and praying for him. I've stressed myself out to the max wondering what we were doing to do. And now it's alright. Everything is okay.

He's okay.

I believe in a higher power and I truly feel as if my prayers were answered. 

I don't really know what else to say, I'm just so happy right.

what good news have you gotten recently? What's made you happy today?


Edit: it's okay if you don't believe in God or any higher power, but don't bash me for saying that I do. I've had a couple rude comments about my beliefs and I don't appreciate it. Thanks. 
.
No smoking for almost a month
I've wanted to quit smoking for a while now. I tried quitting cold turkey, tried lowering the number of cigarettes by one every two days etc. Nothing worked. Had a vacation recently and I went home. My city is really small. So if I smoke there someone I know would likely see and possibly tell my parents. To avoid disappointing my parents I don't smoke when I'm home. So one week later I come back. There's still a force trying to pull me to the store to get my daily hit. Except today the force is weak. I try not smoking and somehow I make it through the day. A few days go by and I have somehow not smoked in 24 days. I wasn't planning to quit smoking this time around and in fact I didn't even try. But now that I have a chance, I'm not gonna smoke ever again. I really wanted to tell someone so here you go guys.
.
Gone to University at 27 and I just got an A for my first essay!
So I have been working since I finished high school, years of working in restaurants and bars has beaten down my self confidence but I have wanted to be an early childhood educator for many years.

After so long of not knowing or feeling that I'm good enough, I have completed 4 assignments and am currently sitting on 3 A grades and 1 B. The very first essay I did was the one I was most nervous for because I overthink my writing and how it sounds etc. Getting that A and having that validation that I am in fact smart and capable means so much to me. I know I can do this. 

This is super cheesey, I'm just very proud of how far I've come and anyone thinking about going to Uni to follow their passion should just do it. You got this!
.
I’m 34 - my daughter is about to turn 15, I feed two kids on $75 a week and I just got into grad school!
I am so terrified and so excited.  I was such a mess for so long.  I had my daughter at 19.  Pregnant again at 22.  Married the guy.  He was a nightmare.  But i tried to stick it out.  Finally left him and moved on with life.

Made it through college and started teaching 11 years ago.  Got married again.  And back in November he left.  Now here I am - alone with my two kids and four pets.  Struggling hard as hell to make ends meet.  But I found an online masters program that would result in me making an extra 10k a year.

AND I JUST GOT IN.

It’s gonna be a shitty, hungry, and exhausting two years, but I am so looking forward to eventually being able to breathe.

That’s all.  The kids and my parents are asleep so I can’t tell them.  So I’m telling internet strangers instead.


*Update - holy shit you all!  Thank you all.  This got crazy and long and I so much appreciate the encouragement and support and all that shit!  To the folks with negative things to say about the teenage babies - man - you are right.  It is a bad damn idea to have kids at 19.  It was tough to finish my Bachelors - but here I am.  And I know plenty of folks who had kids in their 30s and still didn't have their shit together and then ended up divorced/struggling/miserable.

Thanks for the love and I think I answered all the questions that have come up so far!!
.
It is insane when you think about how many times you trust strangers day to day.
When you walk onto a bus, train or plane, you are trusting someone you don't even know to take you somewhere, and do it safely. 

Ordering food means trusting the person making your food, and you eating it. 

Even just walking with strangers down busy streets while we are all in our own bubble, and trusting that everyone is on the same page of wanting to do the right thing. Even as we are aware that this isn't always the case. 
We trust each other so much that's it's like a silent agreement to keep the peace and to leave each other the fuck alone. 

EDIT: The comments so far have been the high point of my day. All of a sudden I have a soft spot for humanity. You are the chiefs. 

EDIT 2: Now I understand why everyone starts an edit with wow. I just woke up (time zones) to this great response. Every single comment hasn't gone unnoticed, incredibly interesting point of views. Now we can all be hyper aware of strangers together. 
.
I unsubscribed from all the main subreddits of this website - especially the news and politics subreddits - and the world is already a brighter place just a few days later
I stopped watching TV absolutely years ago, and buying newspapers too, but the problem with Reddit is that all of that corporate, proto-fascist, anti-immigrant, pro-capital rubbish is plastered all over this website, so I have been consuming it directly anyway.

I unsubscribed the other day, after waking up to yet another inbox full of shit from people who are sleepwalking through the world, believing that the BBC or CNN is telling them everything they ought to know about reality.

I'm never going back. I'm sticking to the lefty subs and the music theory subs, and practicing more guitar.

I urge you all to consider dumping the news trash from your feed. And have a lovely Wednesday!
.
I'm very drunk right now
And I want you all to know that I love and appreciate all of you.

You can do it! Whatever you've set your life goal as. You can fucking do it because I believe in you and you're fabulous.

My bridesmaid cancelled on me and I'm a little salty about it. So I drank a whole bottle of wine by myself.

The mods deleted my first post because there wasn't enough text. That's just rude.

Drunk me says what sober me thinks even though I mostly lurk. You CAN do it! You can be as good of a person as you want you be. You can do amazing things. I just graduated with my bachelors degree in what is arguably the hardest field to get your bachelors degree in.

It took me longer than most. I had so many odds working against me but I did it and I'm so proud. If I can do it, you definitely can. Even if no one believes in you, I do!

Edit: Some people wanted to know how I'm feeling the morning after. I have a slight headache, but that's about it. I drank a ton of water before bed

Edit 2: Thank you so much for all the positive comments! There's too many to reply to, but I'm reading them all as they come in. You are all wonderful people and it's nice to see the positive side of reddit!
.
Reddit can go from super wholesome to fucking toxic in no time!
As I have  seen a lot of  subs like r/gardening , r/ baking or r/aww seem so wholesome. It's almost a wholesomeness overload . People praising and replying with ':)' . Reddit also provides support and advice to victims. It is sometimes quirky and fun(r/teenagers, r/hydrohomies etc) . Overall a pretty nice place! 

On a flipside there is a debate sub for almost everything atheist vs religious people, men vs women, liberals vs conservatives.Racists, homophobes  and whatnot. People trying to almost fucking kill each other with their words. 

These two flip sides of reddit never fail to surprise me!
.
I just had one of those moments in life where everything seems perfect and I am completely happy
This morning I was nudged out of a deep sleep to realize that my husband (who always gets up earlier than me) had delayed getting out of bed in order to move over and gently hug me for a few minutes.  He obviously didn't intend for me to wake up, and as I lay there with two cats sleeping on top of me and being cuddled by the man I love while having the opportunity to sleep in on a Sunday, I was almost overwhelmed with how happy I was.  My username seems non-ironically appropriate today.  
.
When I die it would be cool to see the stats of my life e.g. number of cars passed on the road, number of people I've ever seen, etc.
Has anyone else got any stats which they think would be cool to know, but it's impossible/impractical to actually gather the data?
.
Today I officially finished college and became a Registered Nurse!
After 3 years of college, total of 2400 hours of clinical practice, 87 exams, mini exams, I officially finished college and became a fully competent Registered Nurse! 

The realization that I won't have to learn boring subjects I'm not interested in, that I won't have to wreck my nerves anymore with the writing of my diploma work is catching up with me, as the sudden shock after the defence of my diploma work is subsiding. I never though I would get this far when I was accepted into college, but I am immensely ecstatic about the fact that it's finally over! 

This weekend is going to be one of the best ones in my life. What a day it was!
.
I just made the best burger of my life.
I know none of my friends would care, so I'm not going to tell them, but I have just made the best burger I've ever had. 

I just thought I'd like to share it here and recommend that if you like beef and like burgers, try to make smashburgers as they are quick and easy to make and tasty.
.
Does anyone ever felt like going outside but you don't have anywhere to go or nothing to do so you just stay inside boring all day?
I don't have many friends and with the ones that I have we don't usually hang out outside of school. So now school is over and I'm stuck in my room. I want to go outside but at the same time  I don't know where to go or what to do once I'm out. I'm also really anxious around people I don't know so going to places by myself makes me really nervous
.
If you feel good right now, (i.e. not sick, not injured, not clogged in any way, no aches, no anything) take a moment to enjoy it!
Some common things to appreciate not having: stuffy nose, runny nose, stomach ache, head ache, cold sore, tooth ache, hang nail, pimple, paper cut, sunburn, sprained ankle/wrist/etc., pulled muscle, and neck/back pain.

All of these things when you have them you wonder what it feels like not having them so think about for a moment what it feel like. I'm sure there's more! Let's discuss!
.
A girl at work that I never talk to sat next to me with donuts and offered me one
So I took off my headset and said thank you and took a bite of one. Then I realized she didn't offer me a donut at all, and I just randomly stole one of her donuts. Is there any recovery from this or do I just stop showing up to work now?

edit: I should probably finish the story.

Turned out she just stopped by to talk to her friend. She then talked to her friend that she came over to see while I quietly ate my donut next to them for the next 10 minutes. I did not enjoy that donut
.
Today I have my second interview for a well-paying job that will CHANGE THE GAME for me if all goes well. Here goes nothin'
The [first interview](https://www.reddit.com/r/internetparents/comments/ah1wx9/group_interview_tomorrow_for_a_wellpaying_job_i/?st=JRAV452E&sh=09930f91) was a group-thing with about 20 others. From this group they said they were going to callback ~10 people, and from those 10, hire ~5. I left feeling *very* confident that I was going to get a callback and the job.

Well, I got the callback and today's the 2nd interview. I'm nervous but hopeful!! This job would bring me a lot of opportunities and a chance to get back on my feet after a rough year in 2018.

Wish me luck, guys!

Edit: YOU GUYS! My heart is so full! Thank you thank you thank you for the well-wishes!! At this point, even if I don't get the job, I'll have *all* the good luck to SNAG me one!!

Interview went well! Some personal stuff came up that I'm hoping will speak to my authenticity and determination, rather than perceived weakness/liability. 

I should know by the end of tomorrow! I will most certainly update everybody! Thanks again, everybody. I love people. ❤️

Edit 2:

Hey, everybody.

First, I wanna say thanks again for the ***love*** you all have shown me in the last day and a half. It is the one thing that makes this disappointment less heartbreaking. 

I did not get the job. I have spent all day waiting for the call which was supposed to reach me before 2:00 in the afternoon. Though I may be jumping the gun, it is 5-pm where I am, and I am pretty sure I did not get the job.

To say I am disappointed would be an understatement. My hopes were *way* up for this thing. In addition to my disappointment, I feel as though some of the personal stuff I shared in my interview (I recently received treatment for mood disorder and substance-abuse. I am no longer using, but it was not long ago.) was a contributing factor toward me not getting the job. My self-esteem took a blow for sure.

**Thank you all so much for your support and enthusiasm. It really does make the whole thing worth it.** Tonight I'm gonna be lazy, maybe deep-clean my bedroom at some point. Tomorrow, my ass is gonna be back at it again. I have what it takes to snag myself a job as "game-changing" as the one I missed–if not *better*!

I will keep my phone on and nearby in case something comes up (or else I misunderstood). I plan to write an email to thank the interviewer/s for their time. 

# But most of all, Thank you, and much love! <3 
.
I just learned about grilled cheese sandwich combined with tomato soup! I have no idea how I lived without that before!
So as the title says I just learned about that combo! I'm from Germany and here (at least as far as I know) grilled cheese isn't a thing to begin with though tomato soup is. But a couple of days ago an American friend said to me he always eats grilled cheese with tomato soup and it's soooooooo great.




I'm sorry if this is the wrong subreddit for this but I just had to tell somebody! 
.
After 33 years, i feel like i'm finally happy and that the happiness doesn't have an "expiration date". I've quit drinking, fallen in love, cleaned up my life, and have $20 left in my bank account after bills got paid this weekend. I had no idea life could be this good!
To start, this isn't a pitch for anything--i didn't subscribe to a program or find some miracle drug.  i have some amazing friends and i was so lucky with how everything fell into place with me that i'm still a little bewildered.

The tl;dr is that i was a pretty hefty drunk for the last ten years.  lost a friend (hey--as an fyi i'm coping very well with this, i've grieved and feel very much at peace with this, it's not an open wound any longer), and realized that i'd made a life of nothingness and boredom for myself.  so i quit booze, and decided to fix myself a little bit.  really jumped into a super busy social schedule (pursuing new hobbies with my old friends, why not?), and BAM, here comes this cool chick who coulda walked out of a movie and straight into my life.  i'm still fixing myself, and working toward things i want for myself, but she's a little motivation to prioritize fixing myself so we can continue to have what we have.

i'm happy.  so crazy.
.
Hi Reddit. I just graduated for my Master's and don't really have anyone to share it with.
Hello. Last night, my thesis supervisor informed me I got the mark I had hoped for, which means I will graduate 'cum laude' (highest attainable honors in the Netherlands) for my Master's.

My girlfriend was of course very excited. But right now I'm in China and it doesn't seem very appropriate to share my excitement with the people here, many of whom I hardly know.

I was just very happy so I wanted to share it with you instead. Do you guys have any cool college/university stories that you could share?
.
People are so scared of making eye contact with strangers but I love it.
Today I had been in a subway car for a bit and the guy sitting across from me had been there for about the same time as me. He was clearly thinking to himself, I saw him shake his head a few times. I had been too, and once my thought trailed off I happened to look up in his direction and he happened to do the same. Usually people break eye contact with me pretty quickly, but this time we both held our gaze for a few seconds, realized what we were both doing, and then just gave each other the most genuine grins. We broke eye contact then but before he got off we smiled at each other and waved and he told me to take care as he left the train. I’ve always been one to make eye contact when I’m walking in the street or in the subway like that and most people I talk to about it think I’m crazy for doing that. But I live for moments like that, it sticks with me and makes everything feel more human, yknow?

I’ve been in a bit of a dark place this week and that small moment made my entire day so much better. Just wanted to share, much love to anyone who took the time to read this :)
.
Anyone else a loner and accept it?
I had a stupid childhood in a sense that at school my mom was considered a weirdo with bad social skills, so my classmates' parents would tell their kids not to talk to me. I ended up being the ugly girl with the weird mom. So because of all that, I was ignored and learned over time to accept being a loner, even though it's always given a bad rep. Today I'm gonna go get lunch by myself at a nice restaurant because dammit I wanna go and I literally have no friends in my hometown so fuck it. If I wanna to go a nice restaurant I don't wanna wait around for others because there's no one else to go with me. So I'm gonna go enjoy my delicious dinner in about half an hour or so and enjoy my own company.

&#x200B;

Are any of you loners? Have you accepted it?
.
I just got my first paycheck and I can somewhat breathe.
I’m 25 and I finally got a full time job.  I moved to a new city with my dog and really started this life on no money.  I’ve been running on $100 my mom gave me for 3 weeks. My credit cards had about $700 on them and I owe my dad $500.

This morning I saw an email I finally got paid, even though I started my job 2 weeks ago. Some people told me I wouldn’t get paid for 4 weeks. 

I just saw the deposit and I felt this huge burden come off my shoulders.  I paid off my credit cards immediately.

I’m still feeling a little survival-mode because it’s only my first paycheck and I’m scared I’ll run out before my next one... but damn.   
.
I got the weirdest internship
Long story short, I'm 24 turning 25, and I've been on sick leave for little over 4 years due to mental health issues. Late last year, I was admitted into a program to get me an internship to get used to work. 

My background is in social science and music. I got a base education in psychology and sociopsychology, and I've held positions as therapeutic assistant on daycare centres for people with disabilities, I've been a store assistant, and most recently, a Librarian at a local newspaper. 

I've been spending my overwhelming ammount of free time playing games. Board games and tabletop RPGs, primarily. I saw that a small LFGS (Local Friendly Game Shop) opened in time, so I sent them an email saying "hey, I work for free". 

They took me up on the offer. We had a meeting discussing my experiences and qualifications, and what the store needed. They came and said what they really need is someone who can be social and play games with costumers and visitors. They've been missing having an in-house game master, so they asked me if I'd ve interested. 

So, starting tomorrow, I'll basically be a professional board gamer. It's so weird, because this is what I used to do as a teenager instead of doing my homework or applying for summer jobs. So while they can't hire me full time, having this internship makes me eligible for wellfare checks, and earns me a little more from that check than I did when I was sick without an activity. It's surreal, but nice to see my experiences are paying off somehow.
.
Reddit in general, I love you guys.
I'm honestly a sorta lonely 27 year old dude. I live in a tiny terrible studio apartment, but despite that description I am quite comfy in my little 'cave' it's cozy and I feel safe and am happy. It's got enough room that I was able to adopt a wee puppy dog, who I love. Her name is ViVi.


Anyway. I'm rambling.


I haven't been able to make any lasting friendships or connections. I wouldn't say there is anything wrong me, I just haven't found the people who both have the time, and want to invest it in social time with me. It's no one's fault, so I'm not bitter. Just a bit sad.


 And I come on here, and I can talk about all my favourite things, I've been to the front a few times and felt flattered and validated.


I can browse the front page and be informed about the world in a way that feels like I'm talking to friends around a table. Rather than researching it all on my own.


I love you guys, and when things get better for me, I'll still love you. ♥️


What's a niche subreddit you all enjoy?

 I love /r/Vaporwaveaesthetic

I don't even enjoy vaporwave music that much but I love the A E S T H E T I C.

Though some dudes are weirdly gate keepy there.

If you dig pokemon, find the "Vapeoreon" post. Should still be near the front. 
.
I’m about 1 year clean from self harm.
I never thought I’d get this far. The urges are still there, they probably always will be, but I put the knife away permanently. I don’t belong to those who’ve hurt me. 
Coincidentally, I haven’t spoken to my mother in a year. 
.
I just had a thought: when people insult themselves, "I'm so ugly.", instead of arguing with them "no you're not!", try "I wish you'd be kinder to yourself."
I wonder what the room thinks of this? It's still kind of condescending, but it's not a direct argument that will end up in a back and forth about how ugly the subject is. 
.
The sequel to Now You See Me wasn't called Now You Don't.
I've been dissapointed about this every since it came out. Can't shake it. I guess they might have chosen to call it Now You See Me 2 so people would be sure it's a sequel to the first one, but it just seems like such a missed opportunity.
.
I was finally able to use something in real life that I learned on Reddit
Was getting something out of the fridge when my hand knocked a glass jar, almost full of this Thai sauce I had just bought. The glass exploded everywhere when it hit the ground.

Then I remembered the tip I read a couple of weeks before that said to use your phone's flashlight and shine it across the floor. So I did and it worked perfectly. Even the smallest pieces of glass I wouldn't have seen otherwise gave off a big shadow so I could find them.

It was still an arduous process, but it was nice knowing I got every single piece instead of missing any
.
I went on a trip with some online friends and it was the best experience of my life
I don't know if this posts fits on this subreddit or if it's even coherent, but whatever! 

I've been a part of this gaming group of friends for years now and we decided to have a 10 day trip in a foreign country together after knowing each other for a long time. I just got home yesterday and I'm a changed man.

I've seen online friends before, many times actually, probably over 10 different people in total and have enjoyed it every time. However, this time was so, so special.

We drove cars in beautiful scenery, sang together, drank together, hiked together, massaged each other, hugged, cuddled and had long conversations about anything and everything. I have no friends in real life so I've never really had good friendships, ever, but now I feel like I've just bonded with these people on a level that I could not have thought possible. I went from a depressed, antisocial person who dislikes touch to a loving cheerful person who wants all the hugs in little over a week and I just feel so loved. I had no clue friends like these are real, I had no clue it could happen to me.

I want to change my life, I want to do things and have a purpose, and it's all thanks to my best friends <3

We're already planning our next trip, can't wait for it.


.
Wanted to surprise my boyfriend after work…
…by buying bubble tea for both of us, but I came home to find that he also had the same idea and already got some to surprise me. It's the small things that make me happy. :)
.
Do you like music in languages you don't understand?
I listen to A LOT of music in different languages, and some of it I don't understand, like Turkish and French. I also listen to German music which I understand for the most part, and I listen to Russian music which is my native language so its ezpz.

My boyfriend haaaaates listening to music that's not in English. He just doesn't enjoy it if he can't understand it. For me, it just depends so much on the music and the voice of the singer, that I don't have to understand the words to like it. If it pleases my ears, I like it! I don't understand how he doesn't enjoy it at all.

Do you enjoy listening to music that's not in a language that you speak? Why or why not? 
.
I'm extremely happy with my 9–5 job.
I'm right out of high school, and I feel like an adult who has their shit together. I get up at 4:30 each morning for my shift working at the gym, work out, shower and get dressed up at the gym, bus over to the office, and get started on my 9–5 work (long-term remunerated PR internship). At the end of the day, I go to either the hospital to volunteer or to my students' houses to teach violin, and on the weekends I pick up extra shifts at the gym. It makes for at least a 60 hour work week, but I'm really content here.

Upon graduating high school, I chose not to accept financial help from my parents during university because I want my relationship with them to be on my own terms. (In other words, I don't want them to have leverage against me when I come out and leave the church). Because my dream is to go into medicine, I'm taking a gap year to save a goal of $20 000 to pay off student loans once the interest period starts during my residency. If during residency, my parents offer to help me financially, I may change my decision, but taking a year to work is sort of an insurance policy for me.

My friends describe me as a chronic optimist, and I'd have to agree. Where my optimism comes from, I have no clue... but I don't know where I'd be without it.
.
Does anyone else feel like they have different groups of friends and you would be too embarrassed to have them interact with each other?
I feel like I'm constantly pulled in different directions with different groups of friends and family. I have a pretty strong obligation to my family and I genuinely enjoy hanging out with them, I consider my brothers and father some of my best friends. Then I have a group of friends that I'm super nerdy with and love to talk about nothing more than video games, sci-fi, and geek stuff. I also have those friends who are into sports, Etc ad nauseam.

 I'm not trying to Humble brag and I'm a little embarrassed to even post this because talk about a first world problem... but does anyone else feel like they can't let their friends overlap or interact with each other? if so, is it something I should even worry about or just continue keeping them all in separate circles? Or the opposite should I try to introduce them and hang out all as one.
.
Isn’t it weird how if you know someone’s username, you can basically summon them from across the internet?
Just stop and think about it. Millions of people. You don’t personally know them, but if you type u/ and then their username there is a good chance that they’ll get notified and race across the internet to respond.

That thought just came to me. Reddit’s cool, man.
.
Stood up for a girl on the train
Happened 2 days ago now.

Im on the train going home from work. There is a girl down the carriage from me, sitting in the corner. A few stops down, everyone around her has gotten off. Another couple of stops, and three guys get on the train, two of them obviously very intoxicated, one of them appearing fine. They are already in the girl's personal space - walking right in front of her and sitting all around her. She tries to ignore it, but it is very obvious she is uncomfortable. I am not the only one to notice this. I can see everyone else on the carriage looking with me in the girls direction.

The guys start talking to her.... Asking her name, and some weird stuff like does she like curry (idk why curry is a big deal to these guys). Out of the three guys: one is not really talking to her and awkwardly watching his friends, one is leaning towards her and trying to make a move, the other is cheering on his mate. She answers their questions and tries to sell that she's not interested by; from my opinion - Not making eye contact, one word answers, not taking headphones off, concentrating on her phone. The male leaning toward her suddenly gets up from his seat and stands directly in front of her, within 5ft.

I am already up from my seat as my stop is coming up. I see this and address it straight away by telling the guy to "leave the girl alone, she just wants to go home, she's obviously uncomfortable", etc. He turns around and a argument starts. I stick to my points, but of course he's not having any of it and is getting more aggressive. One of his mates has chipped in and told me to mind my own business. The other is not saying anything.

Seeing that they are all now focussed on me - I tell the girl that she can get up and move, which she does immediately and moves to the next carriage. I now do my best to defuse what I have started, as there is no point to continue to argue. At the same time I arrive at my stop and Transit Officers are at the door.

I, and another guy who was watching, tell the officers what has happened. The officers hop on the train as I hop off. I can hear the officers already addressing that the three men are intoxicated. I watch from the platform where the one male I began to argue with is appearing to show regret/remorse. I hopped on my bicycle and practically teleported home as my mind was racing.

I told my SO when I got home and she told me well done, and that most guys wouldn't do anything until it was too late. I'm glad I did something.

&#x200B;

Edit: So this blew the fuck up. Thank you everyone for your support.  Ill try not to toot my own horn but will add some more context

\- I actually work in a hospital as in-house security, so in a sense I'm sort of used to dealing with confrontation.

\-  I had a lot of space between me and the three guys, so my plan was to back up and hit the emergency driver contact, should it have escalated. I also had my bicycle with me and would have used that to get more distance. The key is making space. Don't let someone get close enough to hit you for the sake of standing your ground or trying to appear tough.

\- This in particular was a personal success for me. Growing up, I always froze up or just watched, so it was nice that my experience with work helped me to speak up.

\- I will also say most people don't know what to do when confronted with stuff like this. Even as the victim, the most obvious solution might seem impossible. It's not easy.

\- And yes, I would have helped if it was a guy, makes no difference.
.
Alright, I'm going to drink only water every day for this next week. Wish me luck! Extra details in the post.
DISCLAIMER: Only water as in the only beverage i drink is water. I have food, too. I apologize for the people who have fasted because of me, stop fasting and get yourself a burger or something please

Edit10: It's Sunday! I'm super busy tonight so i found a time window right about now earlier in the evening. Overall yes i can attest to the changes ive described even just a little bit. I am more focused, more ready *to* focus, more confident, less slouchy/lazy, and most of all, my view on drinks has been changed; *TO ME*, any other drink thats not water is just water with other unneeded stuff in it. I feel super healthy making healthier choices and stuff. I know i can always get water, its free. I save money in the process! Have a good one yall!

I will provide an update at this same time, around 11PM, this upcoming sunday. Maybe in the middle of the week on Wednesday, too in the afternoon.

Edit9, because I wanted to delete the other edits: How's it going everyone! Today is Wednesday! Bad news, caved on tuesday for a small cup of coffee in the morning; headaches got to me. Other than that i had just straight water. No more coffee this week, no matter how many headaches i get! And don't worry, this morning i skipped the ole' Joe. (At everyone's own discretion, you don't have to have the headaches for me if you don't want to/feel like it, but if you feel confidently you can do it then of course you're welcome, bear with me, you know what i mean and good luck if you choose to do so! :) ) In the case of simply water consumption, so far I'm feeling admittedly better than I was on Monday. My skin hasn't really changed to any degree that I myself notice, so still checking out how it might change. Basically I poop more often, am more focused in general and more productive too, and feel slightly more confident than I do when I stuff myself with other liquids and stuff. Think about it: Humans were designed to drink water, and I've been skimming over this fact for a long time. Skipping dessert is easy when I think about how bloated I will feel if I eat it. Being addicted hampers progress early in the day because your brain says "I can only be happy/productive/awake *if* i get the coffee". With water, you can have 2 glasses and be good for the morning if you're not too thirsty after that. I tended more towards seeking out work, not the time afterwards when there's no work, if that makes sense, due to the water making me feel refreshed and ready to be productive. Knocking the coffee out of my mornings, albeit difficult (and since i love coffee lol), is a worthwhile thing to do. The headaches are continuing for sure, (this is the first time I've ever had a caffeine headache in my life so no wonder i felt strange starting off with this) but it won't deter me! It's been hard, though, not gonna lie. *But i know it'll be worth it.* Thanks again everyone, hope y'all have the best of luck!

Thanks again everyone for all the well wishes! See you all on the other side of this great wall of water! :}
.
My husband is a sleep talker
It's usually just nonsense but occasionally he will tell the full story. On rare occasions, he will even respond to me as if I am part of the dream. It's quite hilarious. He's had the past couple of days off work and took the opportunity to enjoy some wine we had. He ended up getting very tipsy and his sleep talking started up while he was awake. He told me a story that I feel like the world, or at least whoever reads this post, needs to know. This will be presented exactly as my husband said it, as closely as I can remember. I now present to you, the Lonely Aquaman:

&#x200B;

So, there was an aquaman, right? He was really lonely. Like, really lonely. He was super hot. Big, man areolas and a hairy chest. He didn't wear a shirt. He did wear pants though. But he had a big arrow pointing to his dong. He had a trident but it was three dicks. He was so lonely so he went to the fortune teller. She was real sad. She said, "You'll meet your true love. Soon." He met this girl. She had red hair and it just flapped. They were underwater and it just flapped around her face like a spiderweb. It didn't look very good. He said, "Hey" and she said, "Hey, how are you." "I'm good. Do you want to hold hands?" and she was like, "Yeah." So they held hands. He said, "If this is love..." and he leaned in real close. Their noses were touching, "then I don't want it." HEEEYAHHHH! And he spin kicked that bitch out of the ocean. Cause she was trying to steal his gold.

&#x200B;

I hope you enjoyed it as much as I did.

&#x200B;

Edit: My husband is a little embarrassed by the attention. Especially considering he does not remember telling the story.
.
I got a job I accidentally interviewed for.
I accidentally interviewed for an audio and light technician job when going in for a marketing job interview. I didn’t find out until the end of the interview that I was interviewing for the audio and light technician job. Despite this, I still got the job somehow.


I start training in 2 weeks and I’m super hyped.
.
I'm afraid I'm a boring person.
Hello everyone!
I'm an introverted girl, and my problem is that I'm very quiet even when I'm with my best friend. She's talkative and I'm a good listener, so we rarely find a problem when we're together. And I do my very best to talk a little bit, but I can't find many things to say. Sometimes, when she runs out of things to say, I can feel an awkward silence weighing down on us, and it annoys me. I'm afraid I'm a boring person, because even with my best friend I can't talk and keep the conversation going.. Can you help me please? How can I stop being a boring person with my best friend?
Thank you for your help!
.
It's 2019, I'm 35 yo and I'm watching The Princess Bride for the first time.
As I understand, it's kind of a classic among American kids from the 80s.  
We had The Goonies in Europe, we loved Stand by Me, Willow was popular, but The princess bride never made it big, I guess television station never bought the rights or something.   

Of course I recognize practically every actor, and I'm excited to discover this piece of popculture history and what it's all about.
.
My experience at the cinema
Went to the cinema and I sat down and a few minutes later a group of dudes came in and one of them was like "hey let's sit up the back so people don't have to look over us" I'm still a short teen so I can't stress just how much I appreciated this dude I wanted to thank him after the movie but I'm socially awkward so I just left.


Anyway just wanted to share. It's the little things that count right?
.
To the dude in GameStop, you are amazing.
Went to GameStop for Black Friday cause UFC was on sale. Went in and go to the sales shelf, a guy had taken the last copy. I was like "Damn, that sucks" he looks over and hands it to me and smiles. He says "I think she already has this one anyways", dude you are an absolute amazing person. I know you probably won't see this but, thanks man. Hope you and your family have an amazing Christmas! :)
.
Overheard One of My Students Talk About How Much He Appreciates Me
Teaching is the only thing I’ve ever wanted to do, and while I love my students, this job is exhausting. I’m always planning lessons, making the materials for the lessons, grading homework and papers and other assignments. Almost all my waking moments are spent exerting energy towards my job and my students, and I walk into my classrooms every single day not knowing if any of it’s going to matter.

Today, I overheard one of my students express his appreciation for me. His tone was so sincere and enthusiastic, and it caught me off guard. My coworkers always mention how teaching is a thankless job, and it’s hard to not feel unappreciated when you spend so much time doing things for your kids when they don’t pay attention, blow off your assignments, sleep in class, talk over you, and such. 

It’s just nice to know that, at least for one student, what I’m doing means something to him. 

EDIT: I just want to say thank you to everyone who has commented. I didn’t think this post would be seen by so many of you, and I definitely didn’t think this post would get so many responses. 

I want to especially thank all of you for sharing your experiences with your former teachers. It’s so heartwarming to read about the educators who inspired you, but it’s even more special to know that they’re still in your hearts after all this time. We remember how you guys made us feel, too.
.
I find it interesting how on reddit, where everything is anonymous, people tend to be much more polite, well spoken, and decent than on social media such as facebook or instagram, where all of your personal information is shared with everyone.
Aside from some glaring exceptions, of course (looking at you, r/politics), people tend to be pretty decent here - especially in subs that are specific to a particular subject. When having a discussion on facebook in a similar group, at least in my experience, you find a lot more toxicity. 

Maybe it's just the karma system that is keeping people decent, but it sure seems like people would be more careful on social media where your name is on the line.
.
Queens GIANT hit "Bohemian Rhapsody" came out in 1977 and to this day is considered a banger. I wonder what current song will be still getting played in 41 years time that gets everyone as excited as Bohemian Rhapsody.
Not a huge fan of the majority of music that is coming out now days and seems to be the new "biggest hit". Just thinking, I cannot actually think of 1 song that is current and will have the same sort of reaction when it is played in 41 years time like Bohemian does! 
.
Finally got a job after 8 months of unemployment!

I've been applying everywhere like crazy. Cant even remember how many interviews I've been to. 

I used to work in home health care for special needs people, and it was the absolute worst. People say it's just so rewarding. Fuck no it's not. That shit is so mentally and physically draining. Compassion burnout is real. The pay sucks and the hours are worse. You're nothing but a warm body, and lucky to get a co-worker more competent than the client. I quit right after my 20th birthday. Even if I interviewed well, it's like a black mark on my resume. I refused to go back into anything like it. 

Now I'm about to make double what I did there, and I can start tuition reimbursement in about a year. So glad the job search is over. 

Edit: Thanks for the kind words everyone! And for my first ever gold! 

My new job will just be warehouse work driving a forklift, but it pays almost double what I used to make, and it's with a very good company. 
.
Anyone need advice from an old man?
I've finally got my own life dialed in. I retired last year (at 54). I have no debt, no bills, and nothing but time. I should also add that I have a diverse background and a 1/2 century of experience. How can I help? 
.
Anyone else feel extremely nervous while posting on Reddit?
I lose my shit when I'm trying to post something. I end up putting way too much effort into the title, the post and everything else because I am afraid that people might downvote me and disagree. Ok, putting it this way sounds stupid but I think you guys get what I mean?

What a time to be alive. I'm scared because of the darn internet 
.
Did anyone else stalk Reddit for a few years before making an account?
I was a Reddit stalker for what feels like a long time before I decided to make an account.  I guess I was afraid to make posts/comments or something since I have social anxiety.  I still have social anxiety mostly in public, but, I feel like I can almost talk freely like a normal person online now. And having positive interactions on here makes me happy now.  It is a weird feeling for me lol.  
.
I heard the most ridiculous pickup line today and yet I haven't stopped laughing for five minutes.
It's this:

Are you a whale?

Cause we can hump back at my place.

Look, I'm not a native English speaker and I've never heard this before. I can't. I'm still so delighted and keep snorting every five seconds.

What's your favourite cheesy pickup line that you've heard or use? And did it work?

(Also. Humpback... whale... What is that name... the joke took me so long to understand because I didn't know the animal name... now I'm dying and loving it.)
.
As a guy, I realized that as you reach your late 20s, life can get lonelier if you do not have a girlfriend or pets
It is kind of a sad realization; most of your friends would either be busy with work on weekdays, and with their girlfriend or wife on weekends, and you don't get to hang out with them that much. It makes you feel alone and lonely. 
Anyone else felt something like this?

EDIT: Slept on it last night, and was amazed to see all the responses. Would be a bit mean to say, but am glad that I am not the only one who feels this is true. 
Some key takeaways that I got from the comments below-

1. Majority of the people feel lonely in this age range (give or take 5), but they tend to do something about it or else loneliness really gets to their mind

2. Almost everyone suggested to get a 'hobby'. Now I have heard this A LOT, but I really did not know where or how to start (until now). One of the comments that I found helpful in this regard was "get three kind of hobbies - one which is for yourself and only serves as your outlet (sketching, gym, etc.), one which helps you meets people, and one which gives some sort of secondary income (however small)". Now again, there might be some personal bias to the way I see it, but I just thought it would be nice to mention it.

3. For people who do not want to get a hobby (social interaction can be overwhelming at times), they usually try to stay inside and play video games. This came out as a common theme

4. Some also suggested volunteering, as it is peaceful, and you get to meet new people

5. Based on the comments below, can confirm that this happens with girls as well

6. A significant percentage of people are enjoying their time alone in their late 20s/early 30s. A common theme here is that "they get time to do things they want"

Some comments said that they are still in their late teens, and this post terrifies them. I am really sorry, but I did not intend to do that. You never know, life might turn out interesting for you as you age :)
Will keep on updating the list as I find more gems of wisdom! Thank you everyone for sharing :)
.
I didn’t get drunk last night, therefore am not nursing a hangover and I love it!
I’m awake at 8:00am with the only uncomfortable feeling of hunger. Im going to make bacon and eggs, a large pot of coffee, and sit my ass on the couch in search for a new series to start to binge. And maybe take a nap later. 

Who else is with me?! 

Edit: So far some recommendations are - You, Peaky Blinders, Mind hunters, Maniac, The Increasingly Poor Decisions of Todd Margaret, Perfume &amp;amp;amp;amp; Dark, A Series of Unfortunate Events, The Bodyguard, Travelers, Happy, Nailed it, ⁠Letterkenny, Legion, The Killing, Sinner, Lucifer, 2011 Hunter X Hunter, Punisher, Atypical, Castlevania, The Magicians, Babylon Berlin, The Haunting of Hill House, Arrested Devolpment, Boejack Horseman, Black Mirror, Grimm, Sherlock, Merlin, Lucifer, Carnivale, Burn Notice, Man in the High Castle 


Keep them coming! 

Also, this is my first post that is actually gaining some traction so I want to mention r/stopdrinking and r/sober to any curious individuals. 💜
.
After six months of frustating job hunt, I finally got a job!
And it's a great one. For the past months, I've seen my college schoolmates already working, and I couldn't help but feel sort of neglected, or even useless, when I couldn't find anything. Then last week I got two job offers! And I chose the better one, of course. Yesterday was my first day, and the workplace is great, I'm very satisfied with my decision. 

Just wanted to share this in case anyone is job hunting unsuccesfully, hang on! Keep looking, sell your work, and you'll do great!
.
I introduced an older relative to Reddit and I think they got lost in it somewhere because they no longer send me ten texts/im a day
I was having lunch with an older relative a few weeks ago. They are often complaining about lonliness and the lack of friends to spend time with. Since they are sweet and funny and have great stories I suggested a few online communities that might help.

Yesterday I had lunch again with them and they were intensely enthusiastic about Reddit. 

I suspect I've read a few of their postings because the stories have some familiarity.  

I'm glad they have found an outlet.

It's not just kids here, you guys!
.
I’m happy.
Hey guys, I got a 90 on my first ever essay in college. I graduated high school in 2013, went to the military and got out and decided to pursue an education, so I’m surprised I got a great grade. 

I’m not bragging, just super excited because I was shitting bricks worrying if it’ll be good enough. Haha. 

Thanks for reading. :) 
.
Playing guitar
I found my sister's old guitar today. I wondered if I was able to wrap my hand around the neck and I could! I have partial paralysis since a doctor twisted my neck whilst I was being born. I got lucky and had experimental surgery involving transplantation of nerves, I am free of metal pins. I am not able to twist my hand or move my shoulder in all the ways normal people can, but today I could play a bit of guitar! I wasn't able to years ago.

It sounds like garbage (lack of skill and the thing needs to be tuned) and I only learned two chords, but the fact that I would place the tips of my messed up limb on the strings without touching the others, was really special.

I am in pain right now though. All the mucles are tensed up from just practicing two simple chords... But it was worth it!

EDIT: Wow, you people are so adorable. This thread has so many good vibes. Stick around, there is a lot to learn from here!
.
I've been keeping a secret from my wife for years.
Within a month of my wife and I dating, I bought myself my first brand new car. It was a 2004 Subaru Forester, and I loved that thing. It had a unique body style, in that there was no frame over the windows (like [this](http://static.howstuffworks.com/gif/vehicle-pictures/2003/subaru/forester/1177-037-driver-side-door-open-480.jpg)). After I was done taking my now-wife for her first ride in it, she got out of the car, grabbed the top part of the glass, and shoved the door closed by the glass.

I was in shock- I wanted to tell her not to slam the door by the glass, but since we had just started dating, I didn't want to seem like a neurotic prick about my car. I had to think of a plan...

So the next day we went somewhere else. When we arrived at our destination, I stopped her from getting out. "No, no" I said. "Let me get the door for you." Boy, was she impressed. And I got the door for her the next time, and the next, and every other time for going on 12 years.

She has no idea that this display of chivalry was borne out of me not wanting her to fuck up the window of my brand new car.
.
I'm moving to Japan in 4 days!!
I recently got a job on a whim, teaching english in Japan. I've never been to Japan and haven't spoken fluently in years but I am so excited! I'm finishing packing and cleaning and haven't had a proper sleep in a week because I keep running lists in my head of what I need to do and what I'll do when I get there. Who else has had an exciting experience like this?

&#x200B;

EDIT: I want to say a huge thank you to everyone who has replied, you have made me even more excited for my big adventure. Your stories about loving the country and culture have been reassuring too! 
.
I lost a bet and don't mind at all
A buddy of mine and me decided we were sick and tired of our fat bodies. So at the end of october we made a deal. Whoever lost the most weight by december 31st would win almost a 100 euro's. So we went ahead and 9 weeks later we are now finished, and are celebrating new years eve together tonight. It will be a feast full of food and drinks. My buddy lost the most weight (18 kg) while I lost 12 kg. He is currently officialy not overweight anymore, and I'm getting there, just have to lose another 7-8 kg. All of my clothing fits again, and I am so happy I went and accepted this challenge. I did cave here and there, and decided to take a snack or 2, but my buddy stayed strong for the whole 9 weeks, and I gladly gave him my money today. He went ahead and bought an expansive bottle of whiskey to celebrate. Losing weight together is the best motivator I've come across yet.

&#x200B;

Happy new year everybody!

Edit: woohoo, first Reddit Silver ever! Thank you stranger, what a good way to start 2019.
.
YouTube Red =|= RedTube
I was telling my coworker what YouTube Red was,  I don't subscribe to it,  but she (60s F) heard someone mention it and she always asks me about tech and pop culture stuff.  I explained it was a paid service that allows you to watch content sans advertisements and that it has exclusive content as well as other perks. 

She told me she might check it out. 

This morning she came to me and asked if I was messing with her,  because "That red tube thing is an adult website"

After laughing my ass off,  I found out she typed redtube.com so it didn't even search,  it just went straight there. I showed her YTR on my computer and she was mortified. 

This isn't the first time (although it's the best) something like this has happened with an older coworker of mine and technology. Share your stories
.
Uh, is it just me or is Reddit imploding all of a sudden?
Edit: Guys/gals, I'm gonna have to call it quits at this point in terms of updating this thread with news. Its 3am here in Britain and I'm developing a minor headache so need to go to sleep xD I don't know if mods can take over this thread and update it instead, if they want to/can do that I invite them to do so. The best place to get information on this right now is the [summary on /r/OutOfTheLoop](https://www.reddit.com/r/OutOfTheLoop/comments/3bxduw/why_was_riama_along_with_a_number_of_other_large/) and the [live coverage going on right now](https://np.reddit.com/live/v6d0vi6c8veb). Goodnight everyone!

--------------------------------------------------------------------

So, as of right now, starting with /r/IAmA, multiple default subreddits including /r/science and /r/movies have gone private. The widely publicised reason is that the person who handled all IAmA's on multiple subreddits, Victoria, was fired by Reddit with no warning whatsoever to the mods.

I've decided to post here because I kinda don't know where else to discuss this :S What on earth is going on? I'm afraid this has a very serious possibility of causing Reddit as we know it to collapse in on itself and we'll all have to emigrate to another website :(

Edit: Welp, this thread just turned into a megathread. I suddenly feel somewhat exposed. o_o Since I feel like I have some responsibility to make this look at least somewhat presentable...

EDIT: I'm afraid I'm getting rather overwhelmed here guys/gals. I'll keep updating the default subreddit list, but please expect the non-default list to not be up-to-date. Subreddits are shutting down left right and centre!

**Current list of default subreddits that have turned private includes:**

/r/IAmA 

/r/science 

/r/movies 

/r/gaming

/r/Askreddit

/r/Art

/r/history 

/r/listentothis has restricted submissions, although it hasn't shut down completely.

/r/videos

/r/gadgets 

/r/Music 

/r/books 

**Current list of non-default subreddits that have turned private includes:**

/r/circlejerk

/r/CrappyDesign 

/r/law

/r/spain 

/r/eatcheapandhealthy

/r/4chan

/r/fallout

Please let me know if you've noticed other subreddits that have gone dark and I'll add them to the list!

/r/OutOfTheLoop has a great summary megathread if you're confused about what the hell is going on, which [can be found here](https://www.reddit.com/r/OutOfTheLoop/comments/3bxduw/why_was_riama_along_with_a_number_of_other_large/), and live coverage of The Darkening/AMAgeddon/Victoria's Secret/The Reddpocalypse [can be found here!](https://np.reddit.com/live/v6d0vi6c8veb)

.
My 7yo daughter wants to get her hair "cut like a boys hair".
As the title implies, my daughter has expressed to me that she wants to get her hair cut "like a boy". Shes asked for this for over a month. And, as a general rule, when she asks for something "unordinary", I'll give it about a month to make sure it's not just an impulsive thought. So, we got together to search the internet for the perfect cut, and picked out a decent style. I'm taking her today to get that done.

I have to admit, I am struggling with the whole idea of her hair "being like a boy." What are some experiences some of you had to deal with? How did you handle the situation? Looking for whole hearted advice. Thanks!

Edit: We're headed out for the day. If I can figure out how to post photos, I'll try to do a before and after when we get back home. Also, thank you everyone for the encouragement. I'm feeling so much better about this. You all are awesome!

https://images.app.goo.gl/RkgKaN1zm9gzpYeM9

So, we got the haircut. I wasnt able to figure out how to post the before after pictures. But, the finished cut looks similar to the one in the link above.
.
I finally stood up to a bully at work.
They were constantly messing with me.
I work in a food establishment and they would basically hand over the food to the customer once I had prepared it. They would basically mess up the prep giving me bad rep with my manager.

Today I took a stand, I caught them in the act and hit them with a tray. Got fired but worth it.
.
Does anyone else here not want a "career"?
I was wondering if I'm alone. Most of my friends either have this "dream job" they are going for, like a doctor for instance, or they took a high paying job like an accountant and plan to work a lot to maximize their earnings, but then they end up with "more money than they know what to do with" - one of my friends' own words.

Nothing wrong with either, but while I used to be in the dream job camp, I had a change of heart in the last year. I asked myself why do I want a distinguished career. I then realized I would like to instead maximize the time I have to peruse my own hobbies and interests so all I want is to work the minimal time I can to earn the money I need to support myself.
.
Forrest Gump was released when i was 10 or 11. It took me wayyy too long to realize this..
As we all know, when Forrest Gump was giving his speech at the Washington Monument for his heroic return from the Vietnam War, a deranged man unplugged his microphone, rendering the entire oration inaudible. 

When i was that young, it was just kind of a huge "WTF?!" moment that i didn't really understand, and i never gave it much thought, honestly, other than surface level, "i guess that's just how the war protestors were *shrugs*".

Yesterday, it finally occurred to me that the directors/producers/writers did that because the Vietnam War was such a massively polarising, controversial subject; no matter what Forrest Gump said on the topic, he would have lost the love from one half of the demographic of the viewers. And the movie worked so well because it was impossible not to love the man. Everybody loved Forrest Gump!

By muting his speech, Forrest Gump was still able to retain the love of the entire audience, no matter which stance they had on the Vietnamese War and how passionate they were.

Pretty brilliant, really, and i might be/am probably wrong. But either way, it took me far too long to reach that conclusion.

>i am not a smart mayunnn.
.
At age 25, I'll be starting my first job tomorrow
Yes. You read that right. It's taken me this long to get my life together and actually be ready for work. I used to hide it but I'm tired of carrying around the shame.

It's a long story. The TL;DR version of it is simply "life happens, y'know?". Sometimes things are out of our control, sometimes someone needs a little more time to finish high school. That's how it was for me. I tried at age 16 but I just wasn't ready. Took me a few more years to get well enough to start high school (but for adults). I graduated this Friday after 3 years of studies.

I'm both happy and thankful that I'm even here today. It's been one heck of a rough road. After so many road blocks followed by seemingly never-ending uphill battles and too many bumps to count, I'm still here today. That's what counts. I'm here and I'm proud of it.

My job? I'll be an ice cream truck driver. Driving around neighborhoods in a light blue truck loaded with ice cream. Playing a little melody that'll interrupt kids playing in their backyard. Kids asking their parents for some ice cream money. The shyer ones asking if their mom or dad could buy some ice cream for them. Me standing there waiting patiently, with a smile on my face. A smile that could tell an entire life story.

It's just ice cream but it'll be the start of my new life. A big step towards my next life goal - moving out. I love my family but I've been ready for years. I'll be saving up as much as I can, maybe even do some extra work if the manager will let me.

The anxiety is real and I keep worrying about the same things - the change in routines and the new people I'll meet. Having to maneuver a truck that's a bit bigger than the car I'm used to has also been the cause of insomnia. It doesn't matter, though. Everything will work out just fine. Anxiety is real but it's rarely rational.

I'm so happy and I'm so terrified. My next adventure starts in less than 24 hours.

**Edit: I'm overwhelmed by the sheer amount of comments I've gotten. Thank you, everyone! I'm doing my best to reply to every single one of you awesome people. :)**


.
My dad who loved Peter Pan peanut butter just passed away. We had people bring jars of it to his service to donate to local food pantries. What started as a little idea has grown: our local news wants to do a story on it and Peter Pan themselves have reached out to me. It feels good!
My dad was the most caring and giving man I know. He would literally give the shirt off his back for anyone. We had over 750 people come to his calling hours and collected hundreds of jars of peanut butter for homeless people in our area, with more jars still coming to us. It's such a great thing to see when it seems like all the main headlines in news today are tragedies. Just thought I'd share this story with you guys!

Edit: Wow, thanks for all the support everyone! In response to some people asking where to send further donations, you can send them to:

The Mohawk Valley Community Action Agency
9882 River Road
Utica, NY 13502

Thanks so much to everyone who wishes to donate more peanut butter. This is taking off much more than I ever hoped it would. Know a lot of people will benefit greatly from your generosity! 
.
Today I’ve decided to upvote more posts instead of just lurking and smiling to myself
All this time I’ve been just scrolling and sharing things with my friends and then I realised how much I love receiving internet points. 

How is everyone, by the way?
.
If you ever have Russian guests, give them fruit,
I have been hosting some Russian clients and their families for the past few days, we do full day boat trips in South  a Florida and usually provide lavish platters with snacks, cold meats and fruit, I freaked out for a second there thinking the platters where incomplete but after further observation I realised that they where all, from grandmother's to toddlers digging into the fruit platters like there was no tomorrow! 
I made a friendly comment along the lines of "gee you guys really love my fruit platters" but then one of the adults explained to me that in Russia, fruit is outrageously expensive and basically inaccessible to the general population, so when they come to the USA they really love eating fruit, 

The next few days I made MASSIVE platters with mangos and lychees and papaya and all sorts of amazing fruit in great quantities, they showed so much gratitude for that gesture it made me very happy to make them so happy,
I just can't imagine being somewhere where you can't afford fruit! 

And it brings me to my next point, what are things that maybe the general population take for granted but are difficult to get in other places? 

.
Do you ever get nervous you just aren't a likeable person?
I went through a pretty rough break up a few months ago now and ever since then I've just felt disconnected from everyone. 

I do try and force myself to socialise but it's just not the same anymore. Anyone been through something similar?

EDIT: Thank you so much to every one of you who put in their 2 cents! Love to all of you and to everyone struggling with anything AT ALL, my pm's will always be open 
.
My boyfriend worked all night, all day, and is now spending his free time getting together food we don’t eat for the homeless ex vet in our neighborhood.
I wanted to take a minute to share something wholesome! 

My boyfriend worked a night shift last night and didn’t get home until midnight. After he ate, showered, and relaxed before bed, he didn’t get to sleep until 2 am. 

We’ve been tight on money lately, so he took the liberty of picking up a morning shift the very next day. He had to wake up at 7 am to get ready for work at 8 am and didn’t get off work until 4. 

4 rolls around, and I’m getting everything ready for him to come home and just relax since I appreciated him working on such little sleep. I wanted him to come home to dinner, pop open a brew and play video games until he fell asleep early. I even lit a candle and put on some mellow music so he had a nice atmosphere to mellow out. 

To my surprise, as soon as he got home, without even taking his work clothes off, he started getting together some of the food from the pantry we don’t eat. He even got together a water bottle and a spare rain jacket. When I asked what was up, he said he was going to give them to the homeless vet in our neighborhood. 

“His name is John.” He said. “He has a rain jacket, but it’s broken. He’s sick right now, so I wanted to give this stuff to him. You’re not going to eat any of this, right babe?” 

My face flushed with love for this man. I was so happy. The nice gesture really caught me off guard. 

I hope John stays out of the rain we’ve been having lately with that jacket and is warm and fed. He fought for our values and freedom and deserves to have faith in the kindness of strangers. The world really is a better place when we take care of each other. 
.
My grade went up and I almost have all “A”’s
A week ago I had a 58 in my Spanish class. I hated that class and then I had a come to god talk with my teacher and today I turned in almost all my missing assignments and it’s a 85 now :)
She gave me a high five and said how proud she was.

Edit: RIP MY INBOX

But, Thank you guys for the kind words. I definitely will make sure this grade won’t slip!

Edit2: THANK YOU SO MUCH FOR MY FIRST REDDIT GOLD! I APPRECIATE YOU SO MUCH!
.
My employer has offered to pay for 50% of my grad school tuition!
I work at a nonprofit where I help create employment opportunities for people with disabilities, it’s a pretty sweet gig. 

Last fall, I applied for grad school and was recently admitted. I got the sense that my employer wanted me to stick around, so I proposed an idea: If the company pays 50% of my tuition for online school, I’ll work at the company for two more years. Today, they accepted my proposal!

I’ll soon start school to get a Master’s in Public Administration, which will help me become a director of a nonprofit (hopefully) in the near future.
.
Asked out a girl, she said no - but I tried!
So I've just been out of a 6 year long relationship which didn't end the best way. I thought for the longest time I wouldn't be able to move on, but it's been about 3 weeks since it happened and yesterday I asked out a girl. It ended up not ending so well because she knew my ex-girlfriend and didn't want to complicate things - BUT, I actually managed to gather myself and ask someone who I found attractive out! 

I feel great, even though I don't have a date. Maybe soon!

How are the rest of you folks faring? 
.
I'm 23 years old and I've finally got my mental health under control to the point I'm off my meds and I have my first full time job.
It's kinda lame but I'm just really proud of myself and want to express it somewhere.

I'm now in my third week of work and it feels so good to have a  paycheck, and I had a customer compliment about me submitted to head office!

It's just really nice feeling like a normal, functioning adult.

Edit: I didnt expect this to get so popular, and there are too many comments to keep track of but thank you all so much for the kind words! I'll make my way through and reply to those who have questions, but to the rest of you offering congratulations and other encouragements, thank you! ❤

Edit 2: for people asking, I'd like to add I've been off the meds for a while and my mental health has been stable enough where I'm coping well and could even apply for the jobs in the first place. If things start to get bad again I have no hesitation with going back on meds!  Meds were great for getting me to this point and I'm glad I stopped refusing them and got on them when I did.
.
The girl at the Dubai Airport, hope you’re okay
Saw a girl crying her eyes out sitting alone in the McDonald’s at the Dubai airport. I just went up to her and she pretended she wasn’t crying. I still asked her if she was alright. She seemed really surprised that someone would do that. She asked again what I was saying. 

I was like just checking whether you’re alright. And she said she was alright then proceeded to thank me 10 times for asking. I think she really needed it. I regret not asking her if she wanted to talk about it because it seemed she wanted to say something more. 

I’m 24f btw and I myself was also crying at the same McDonald’s not 20min ago when I saw her due to my personal issues. 

Whoever you are. Wherever you are. I hope you’re fine now. 

Edit: for all you asking if I’m okay. I was fleeing a very horrible abusive relationship. I’m still not sure whether I’m going to go back or not. But the support here makes me feel so much better. Thank you. 
.
Hugs are underrated
People don’t like to hug that often, and when they do, it’s like this shitty half hearted pat on the back. Several years ago I got into the habit of giving people big friendly bear hugs. You don’t have to overdo it til it’s painful. Just hug tightly enough that it’s an actual loving embrace. 

Recently I was with my cousin. I see her once every couple years so we’re not super close. But she was having a panic attack, I didn’t know what to say so I just offered a hug. She’s like “uh...sure?” but I gave her a big hug and she actually seemed to feel a lot better.

In general I would say people are surprised but relieved at a good bear hug. Shit can be powerful.
.
A homeless woman teaches me a lesson.
Story time. I lived in this crappy duplex right on the street most cities have that splits the nice side of town from the bad side of town. When I moved in there last year, this (I assumed) homeless woman knocked on the door late at night every few days asking for bread or cash or whatever. Usually gave her something to eat but I refused when she wanted money.

One day she comes by with what looks like the first lawnmower ever made, offers to cut my grass. Actually, yes, i'll pay you to do that. That's pay for a job, not a sob story handout, so yes. I don't understand how that shitty little mower even worked, but this woman cut the shit out of my yard. It's a tiny yard, so when she asked for 30 bucks I had to think about it; a bit high, but it was my fault for not agreeing to particulars before she did it, and I was trying to reward her for working and not begging. So we worked out a schedule where she would come by every other week. She even cut the neighbor's yard, doubling her money. 

Then she stopped coming for a few weeks. Turns out her ancient mower was stolen (where was she keeping it? was it even hers?). But instead of going back to begging, she pulled weeds and trimmed hedges for various people around the neighborhood, saved up and got a better mower. Eventually she had a moped with a ridiculous attachment to drag the mower around town, but the moped AND her mower were stolen, again. She went back at it, and soon she started showing up in a rusty old car with an even newer mower in the trunk. She even had a second mower and an "employee" who would cut grass in other neighborhoods. After 6 or 8 months of this, I was proud of her for sticking to her plan and seeing it blossom.

One night, around 4:30 am, I was still up studying for exams and I hear a familiar knock. Please don't tell me a third mower was stolen. I open up...she's on foot, looking disheveled, half a bottle of vodka in her hand. I'm all ready to hear any story she has cooked up, except for the one she actually has. "I saw your lights on, I know you studying, figured you might could use a break. It's my 50th birthday today and I don't have anybody to celebrate with, nobody. You wanna sit on the porch and get drunk with me?"

So we sat on my porch and got drunk, watched the sunrise and the early risers driving to work, traded stories, laughed about how bitchy my neighbor was, talked about life. Without talking about her problems, she asked about mine, and I felt silly telling her my worries - I'm young, healthy, have a place and a car and a job and people know when my birthday is. I'm a mid-30's white male, and this homeless 50-year-old black lady made me realize how dumb I sound complaining just by asking how I was doing. She hugged me as she left and thanked me for just spending a little time with her.

If you're reading this on your smartphone, or sitting at home wondering what you WANT to eat, or dreading going to work tomorrow in the air conditioning, or rolling your eyes that someone just texted you who you aren't crazy about, take a second and appreciate that all of that is luxury. It's not your life, it's extra. Just by virtue of those things you are among the richest 10% of people on Earth (look it up).

Happy Monday, everybody. Wherever you are, thanks Angie.

EDIT: My first gold! Neato. Thank you so much!

EDIT 2: Oof ouch owie, my gold cherry! Thank you stranger! I've seen dick jokes with more karma on here so it may not be a big deal, but thousands of people around the world getting something positive out of it makes me happy. Thanks for the uplifting replies and messages! 
.
This lady smiles at me after a year and it felt really nice.
I walk my dog along this path by my house. About half the time (so 2 or 3 days a week) I see this middle aged woman who is probably an immigrant from Mexico. She has always avoided my gaze and kept a stone expression even though I look at her and put on a friendly smile. I kind of get the impression she's had a traumatic experience with some man because she looks pretty afraid. The past two days she's smiled back but it seemed forced and shaky. Today as we passed each other for the second time we made eye contact and the had a big genuine smile on her face. I didn't know how much I actually wanted to see that smile and it made me really happy.
.
My husband always knows how to cheer me up
I had an awful week at work this week. Just everything went wrong. Then, we had to 'adult' and do taxes and some financial planning stuff. By the end of it, I was just completely mentally exhausted. We went grocery shopping today and he had the biggest grin on his face when we got home. He dug through one of the bags and pulled out my favorite candy. He had somehow slipped it into the cart when I wasn't paying attention and then distracted me during checkout so that I didn't see it. He kept it a secret until we got home. It was so cute and made me smile instantly. What little things does your partner do to cheer you up?
.
Unconditional love
I’ve had a rough day today. Nothing seemed to go right and it’s just been full of negativity. 

Tonight though, when I get home from work, I peek over to see my 1 year old sitting on her grandmas bed. I see she stayed up again to see me. She gives a sweet smile and crawls to me where I pick her up. She looked at me and smiled, put her little arm around me and rested her head on my shoulder. It’s like her wave of affection washed away all of my tension. All of my negativity gone. We head upstairs since she is sleepy and late for bed, she lays next to me, puts her arm around me again, caresses my arm like how I normally do to her and she drifts asleep smiling. Every day I think my heart can’t get any more full. Everyday she proves me wrong. This is unconditional love.

Thank you for reading if you did. I’m not really sure why I feel the need to share this on Reddit but I am anyways. Have a good night guys

Edit: wow this got more attention that I thought. Thank you so much guys for your comments!! It’s a strange and new experience for me because I’ve genuinely never felt this before. I’m glad it made a few people feel warm and fuzzy
.
I just love how we consider the mars rover to be almost like a family pet.
Like... robot pets will be a thing in the future, and having an actual emotional attachment to a robot animal, or robot person, seems totally plausible! He was a very good boy i cant wait till we find him again on mars. 

Edit: i just got back from work and wow so many replies! Im glad we all mutually love this little robot :')
.
I'm breaking into the film industry, tommorow is my 2nd job!!
Guys I'm fucking estatic. I've been working a weekend job for 4 months trying to break into my industry but have gotten nowhere. No one responded to my applications because I didn't have any experience on a 'real set' and no one to vouch for me.

This week I got my first real gig, someone reasponed to an old Facebook post I commented on. I worked my ass off this week, but I made some small mistakes so I wasn't sure if it'd go anywhere. I was a bit bummed out, and went to go hang out with my friend. I get a call asking for me to go-to another set TOMMOROW. It's fucking snow balling. I honestly can't believe it's finally happening.

Edit: I'd love to respond to you all but I'm about to go-to bed, thanks everyone for the kind words. The support and advice is amazing :). I'll make sure to check back in tommorow and respond to more people on here.
.
Just saw Whiplash today.
I went in expecting a cheesy music drama and finished it sweating harder than a pig. JK Simmons killed his role, damn. Fletcher is scarier than any serial killer or supernatural freak.

Anyone saw any interesting films lately?
.
Three weeks ago my life exploded.
My girlfriend and I dated for almost 5 years. We broke up while on a dream trip to Japan. I was in deep depression for a while, for various reasons. Military, school, etc. I tried to end myself a couple of times. Came to Japan thinking it would make everything better. 

It did in every way, although that meant ending it with her. My mind is clear now. I'm selling everything I own to travel. 

I happened upon a redditor that offered to let me live with her for a few weeks if I cooked and cleaned. Not romantic, but like the sister I never had. I convinced her to quit her shitty job to travel with me. We leave for Europe around mid October. 

I also finally published the novel I'd been writing for 4 years. 4 fucking years. And now it's live on Amazon, and people are reading it.

All in all, I'm happy with all the twists and turns. What kinda crazy stuff has happened in your life lately?

EDIT: /u/Rabbitti here is my travel buddy, my wing-woman, my new sister. We're trying to talk to as many of you guys as possible. 

We'll also have a blog up soon if any of you want to keep up with our crazy adventure.
.
My sister is 22 and her boyfriend of 1 month broke up with her. My Parents' reaction baffled me.
My mother cried on the phone with me about how my sister's dream has always been to marry and have children and now this happened, and maybe she needs to find out what men don't like about her and change it to please them.

My father took her to a TAROT card reader, who told my sister she has all sorts of spells on her and basically she's doomed and shit. 

Wonderful.

I told my sister she has terrible parents and gave her real, human advice. 

But like,
for fuck sake.
.
There is something fulfilling about using your current employer's internet to search for a new job.
To be clear, I am not using their computer, only their wifi. 

Currently, I am in a job I loathe. 50+/hr work weeks, high stress, unrealistic expectations, etc. I can not wait to put in a notice. 

All of my certifications are up to date. I will grind it out until I hear something.
.
Just recently got glasses and am studying with them for the first time and holy shit I can actually see.
I have Double Vision which was caused from a concussion back in junior high. So concussion caused the double vision then the double vision caused ocular migraines.

For years I just thought everyone saw doubles close up, until I asked someone how they studied without closing there left eye (Like I did) and they said they didnt. Eye Doctor asked me how I could study with the double vision and I told her I wore a eye patch over my left eye, was doing that for like 5 years lol.

Got some spiffy glasses, can actually see without concentrating, and dont need to close/cover my left eye to study anymore!
.
I'm so proud of my wife
Back story - my wife and I are related through 2 marriages. Her sister is married to my uncles stepson.

We have a mutual family member that has developmental disabilities, and today was her birthday(as well as my wife's)!

We found out through the grapevine that no one in her family(to include parents, step parents and siblings) really wanted to spend time with her.

So yesterday my wife calls me from work and says we are going to take her out for brunch and some shopping.

We just got back and we had a blast! Got her some blueberry crepes and a new summer outfit. She was super happy to see us, and it really made her day(and mine).
.
Does anyone else really really really love driving late at night?
I love the feeling of just going slow as fuck with no one else around me. No traffic. I mean I know it sounds cliché but damn does it feel really free. Especially considering the fact that I live with my parents. I mean I love them and all, but even my room feels constricted because they can walk in at anytime. In my car though I don't have to answer to anyone I just roll my window down and let that cool night air hit me whewwwwwwwwwwwwww
.
Who else is pumped for spring?
Spring cannot come quick enough. It's been so cold I haven't been able to go outside and study the trees/do woodworking. Plus I'm super excited for the trees to start flowering and gain their leaves back. What are you excited for this spring?
.
I'm adopting two cats tomorrow!!!
Last night they visited my apartment and gave the final confirmation I was approved. I'm buying all the cat stuff today, and tomorrow they'll be bringing around the two little furballs &lt;3

I've never had a pet but have wanted to adopt cats for just about all my life. I'm so, so, so dang excited !!!

If you have cats, tell me about yours! Or do you have any random tips for taking care of these two?  
(they're 6 months and 2 years old, with the little one being very skittish and also very likely to need 1-2 months to get used to and trust me)

Edit : geez, this got a lot of comments. I don't have the time to reply to everyone, but I promise I've read every comment and appreciate each one you've all left. Thank you so, so much! :) 
.
Getting better at making eye contact has made me realize how uncomfortable people are with making eye contact
Ever since High School, I was always good at small talk and making brief, casual conversation with people, but I sucked at making eye contact. So I made this a goal of mine to improve and several years later, I think it's one of my social strong suits. When I'm listening to someone or talking directly to them, I always make and maintain eye contact.

But this has made me realize how many people aren't used to that and how many people will look away mid-conversation or glance and look away uncomfortably. 

I think it's interesting how that works. We're like... afraid to just look directly at each other when talking. But I've noticed when I meet people that AREN'T uncomfortable with it, I have a stronger connection and can read the conversation a lot better.

Anyone else notice these things?

EDIT: Glad so many people can relate! Now I just need to work on remembering peoples’ names after they tell me the first time...

*EDIT 2: Since a lot of people are reading way too into this and commenting with some asinine and rude things, let me just clarify that I'm OBVIOUSLY not talking about making unwavering, deep eye contact with everyone I speak to and never looking away. Of course there are social conventions we need to observe and be sensitive to. Do you think I, as someone that used to be uncomfortable with this, is now unaware that these things can be difficult for people? Of course not. Read the room, read the situation you're in, and read the person you're talking to. There's so much more to good conversation than making eye contact, but I challenge anyone that struggles with social awkwardness to just try becoming a little more conscientious of their eye contact habits and see where they can improve. It's done nothing but help me in a lot of areas of my life.*
.
Ive gone from a 75% in math to an 88%
I've been giving myself a pretty hard time the past two years because it was really hard for me to get algebra. Freshman year I had a 75% as my final grade and I've gotten it up to 88% so far in algebra 2. I know it's not the best grade, but I'm still proud of myself and I'm hoping I can get it up to at least a 90%. Keep me in your prayers y'all 🙏
.
11 months sober from alcohol and weed
Just realized today marks 11 months sober and two months of drinking nothing but water. No soda or smoothies, nothing. Cant believe how great I feel every day. Who know that if you take care of your body you'll feel better?

One year will be a piece of cake.

Edit: Thank you everyone for the words! You made this Saturday night better than it should have been :)

Edit 2: I will respond to all of you at some point. Thank you for the encouragement. I've received PMs from people saying that are motivated to keep their sobriety streak going! What a great thing to wake up to.
.
My wallpaper got download over 5k times and it makes me kinda proud
Around a year ago I created a wallpaper out of pure boredom. I decided to upload it to a popular website for wallpapers and completly forgot about it. I've decided a few minutes ago to check for a new wallpaper on same website and see on the front-page of the categoy my work. 2k views and 5.5k downloads. I know this is nothing special at all, and will probably not impress anyone, but it's kinda nice to think about that my work is seen everyday on hundres of screen around the world. Makes me kinda proud.

What makes you proud which wouldn't impress others?
.
I saw the sweetest thing at the supermarket today and if made me cry. I'm still crying like a baby which is super unusual and I need to share this.
So I was just doing the usual grocery shopping at my supermarket. I was standing in the self check out line when I happened to see an old couple in the line next to me. They had to be in their late 80s at least. Little old man wearing a hat and a little old woman all wrapped up in a shawl. They only bought two things. A small box of strawberry ice cream and another small box of vanilla. I guess the cashier started talking to them but I overhead the old man saying that his wife always wanted the strawberry but she would always ask for something else.  But he knew her so well that he bought her the strawberry every time. And he made sure to leave some of the chocolate at the bottom for her because she always asked. And he said they did this every weekend. Buy ice cream , go to a specific bench in the park , and eat it together while looking out at the ocean.  And I saw them holding hands and leaving together. They were so sweet. I came home and cried my eyes out. I'm such a cynical person and am totally single and have stopped believing that love can happen for everyone. I'm not going to rant too much about this but I have terrible luck with love. I hate it. But this really touched my heart. A lot. Every time I think about it I cry. They are so sweet. If I can have that when I'm 80 I'll be really happy. That old couple gives me hope. Good luck to all the single ones out there, and to those who have found your forevers, cherish them for they are wonderful. Just had to share this with someone. 
.
When I was 12, I wanted to become a DJ. My mom knew, and she told my grandmother, who laughed in my face. Tomorrow night, I'm opening for Dada Life, a huge DJ duo touring worldwide.
Don't really know what I wanted to say out of this, just wanted to share it. Pretty sure my grandmother didn't mean it in a harmful way when she laughed, but I think she laughed at how absurd it would be for me to become a DJ. Regardless, tomorrow night I'm playing an hour long set right before Dada Life, and I'm so fucking excited.

Edit : Did...did I really hit front page? Holy shit haha, that's incredible! Thank you all for the support, and I'll answer a few questions that people seem to be asking.

1. The gig is at Pacha U18, a night club located in Manhattan, NYC, that has an under 18 event every month or so. 
They were asking around for DJs, and I [sent them this message](http://imgur.com/Gzc1YGh&OO8B6j6), January 7th. Superbowl Sunday, as I was on my way to my friend's house for a superbowl party, I [get this text](http://i.imgur.com/OO8B6j6.png?1). From then, it was just info exchanges.

2. My soundcloud, after people asking, is [DeanTheDJ](https://soundcloud.com/dirty-vice-music). I have very old music on this, and it's not music that I'm proud of, haha. You can listen to some more recent work [here](https://clyp.it/0stcvmw5), which is some music that I enjoyed making as well as working on.

3. I'll be posting pictures and stuff tomorrow when I get back (currently 12:50 PM on Saturday, gotta start getting ready son haha). Thank you all for your support, I can't stress that enough, I'm scared shitless of messing up but you guys reassuring me has helped me so much <3

Edit 2 : Hey everyone! Sorry for the late edit, I've been exhausted and just playing video games and procrastinating in general haha, but here's what went down. I showed up at 4, doors opened at 5. Before the show began, I cashed out from the tickets I sold (sold 12 tickets, 30 each, for a total of $360, and my boss gave me $60 as my profit from the ticket selling. Easy money). After that, he pretty much escorted me backstage, let me put my stuff down, and said "go party, come back at 6 when you're on". My stage time was 6 - 7:30, then Dada Life was supposed to go live at 7:30 - 9ish. So, simple as that, I walked around until the show began, and just went to the mainstage and joined the crowd and started dancing.

After a while of some pretty cool music from some pretty cool DJs, I went to the basement (another set of DJs, very small crowd, if any) and greeted the DJ and made some chitchat for a while. Around 5:45 I went back to mainstage to get backstage, but there was a security guard that didn't let me go backstage. After explaining to him that I was on at 6 (currently 5:50), he still didn't budge. I asked him to radio my boss, but he said that my boss didn't carry a radio. Cue 5 minutes of endless frustration and texts to my boss (who rarely answers his texts, by the way). At the last minute, I decide to just start walking around and looking for him. I found him downstairs in the basement just chatting away with some group of guys. He looked at me like "wtf, you're supposed to be playing any minute now" and I just asked him to take me backstage. He escorted me there, but as I walked in, the security guard gave me a dirty look because he realized I was right. It's currently 6:02 / 6:03, and the DJ from 5-6 is still playing, so there's no real worries. Once behind the DJ currently playing, I gave him a tap on the shoulder and told him that he can kill his set after his next song (I'm a nice guy, I guess) and I'll take over from then.

Long story short, I went on and played some kickass music and the crowd loved it. At around 7:25, some guy taps me on the shoulder, and when I turn around, it's just some dude in a suit who tells me to kill the music completely after the song that goes past 7:30 ends (meaning, when the clock hits 7:30, let the song playing continue and end completely, then get off stage). I do exactly that, and when I turn around to get off stage (after grabbing my USBs from the turntables), I see Dada Life. Excited, I say hi and they thank me for my set and it's pretty much just a small exchange before they run to the stage. No huge meet and greet, didn't get to have a chat with them unfortunately, but it was still pretty cool to meet them. They offered me a banana though, which I thanked them for and accepted the kind offer, haha. I did get to enjoy their set too, but from the crowd (probably even better than being backstage). The night ends, and the next day I text my boss to thank him for the gig, and if he ever needs another opener, to feel free to text me, lol. 

So that's pretty much it, no cool pics of dada life unfortunately, but I do have some videos from the crowd, and if you guys want, I can go ahead and upload them all on youtube and link it here.

Thanks for reading this all, and I appreciate all the support you guys gave me, it definitely helped give me a confidence boost to rock that stage <3
.
I was too lazy to do the dishes so I bribed my friend with a can of Pringles to come over and do them for me. She woke up from her nap and 5 minutes later was at my doorstep wheezing "WHERE ARE MY PRINGLES"
I don't know which one of us has sunk the lowest but hey, I got squeaky clean dishes with virtually no effort and she got Pringles. 

Also, they were sour cream flavored. 
Edit: Sour cream and onion. 
Edit 2: I don't think she wants my dong guys, we're just friends. 
Edit 3: I wish Pringles paid me for this post, I really do. Also r/hailcorporate comments have been done 3 times already, try a new subreddit. 
.
Its my birthday! 🎉
I'm 19 today, I've dyed my hair a dark purple and I've recieved wonderful presents from my parents. I'm going iceskating with my friends on Saturday and I'm so excited! 
I wish I could give everyone a slice of cake today but here is a virtual one 🍰
Have a great day! 

EDIT: Thanks to everyone who has wished me a happy birthday! I've finally got to eat my cake yay!
http://imgur.com/gallery/pLvmCag 
.
I just sat and cried for an hour because I finally feel genuinely happy with my life
After years of fighting mental illness, low self esteem, insecurities, and loneliness, I have finally reached happiness. I can feel it. I sat and cried for an hour while laughing and smiling bc happiness overpowered me. 

I finally realized I don’t need a significant other to be happy. I don’t need to rely on anything else for my own happiness. I have friends who act as a second family who are extremely protective of me. I reconnected with an old friend who is like a brother to me and we’re as close as ever. I’ve accepted the fact that my best friend and I cut ties and people grow apart. It’s life. I love my new job and all of my new coworkers are great and the atmosphere is so positive and I needed it so bad. 

After 8 years of sitting in darkness, I finally reached the light and I just wanted to share this newfound happiness with all of you. 

EDIT: just got back from a concert to an overwhelming positive response! Thank you so much! I’ll be replying to as many comments as I can before bed! I love you guys!

EDIT 2: I’m so happy I’ve given soooo many individuals hope. I’m crying again thanks to you guys. You guys deserve to experience positivity. No ones hopeless as long as you put in the work. This is all I’ve wanted out of life. To spread hope and light. Thank you Reddit from the bottom of my heart for allowing me to do that. 

EDIT 3: So many are asking “how?” Here’s how it worked for ME, it might not be the same for everyone:

Therapy, acceptance and patience

My therapist has been an amazing guide and has completely helped change my mindset and outlook. I took it one day at a time and one day, the change became noticeable. I wasn’t crying anymore. I wasn’t having panic attacks anymore. I found new enjoyable hobbies. I found myself enjoying doing things alone, like video games and creative writing, more and more. And today, it fell into place: I’m happy.

I surrounded myself with non-toxic individuals and cut off the toxic ones. It took a lot of time, 8 years to be exact, but I was patient.

I accepted that shitty things happen in life,  but that doesn’t mean life is shitty. Things happen. People leave. We get hurt. But choosing not to let it overpower us is what makes it easier. Feel the pain but don’t dwell, that’s what my therapist says. Change your routine time to time. Explore new activities. Accept time alone with yourself. When you find who you are alone, it’s such a relieving feeling. 
.
I paid off my car loan today, now I'm completely debt free!
I've been in debt through out my entire life (student loans, medical, auto etc.). This is the first time ever I don't have any debt lingering above my head. Feels weird and kinda exciting. 
.
We have food!
For the first time in a long time my wife and I have a full fridge and pantry! And we were able to buy it all with our own money! Fresh veggies and fruits, neat shaped pastas, and a berry-pepper jelly we've had an eye on for a while. We got ingredients to make old favorites and ingredients to make new recipes. I felt giddy and so happy trying to make everything fit in the fridge.

Edit: Wow, the response to this has been incredible! You are all wonderful people! I'm so happy so many of you are interested in the recipes! I'm going to work on writing them up and sharing them this weekend.

I wish you all lives full of warmth and good food! ❤

Edit 2: Wow! Thanks for the silver and gold guys!

Final edit: I posted the recipes on r/cooking for you guys! [Here](https://www.reddit.com/r/Cooking/comments/axsaug/i_have_a_few_recipes_id_like_to_share/) is the post!
.
My husband surprised me with a kitten on Wednesday night
I just wanted to share this story, somewhere less karma-farmy than r/aww. 
I've been a "cat person" all my life, thanks to my mother, who was a cat lover as well. She died when I was 16 from lung cancer. She had asked me to care for her cat, Scooter, after her death. My step mom (at the time) decided she didn't like cats, and wouldn't let me keep Scooter. I don't know what happened to him after that, it was up to my widowed step-dad.

I'm 24 now, and my husband of 3 years surprised me with a 4-month old kitten this week. My first cat of my adult life, as well as my first cat since losing my mom in 2011. Now, I'm not a religious person. I identify as an atheist, and have for basically my whole life, as my parents were not religious and never took me to church or indoctrinated me in any way. So it was a confusing time for me when my mom died, especially with well-meaning friends referencing God and Heaven and whatnot. I hadn't figured out how to feel close to her after her death. 

But ever since I got this kitty, and it's only been 4 days, I've felt closer to my mother. I know how much she'd love my husband (whom she never got to meet) for surprising me with a kitten. It's hard to put this feeling in words to be honest, but I wanted to get it out into cyberspace. I'm so happy right now, and I don't want to forget this feeling.

EDIT: changed 4 weeks to 4 months, my bad. Also, thank you for my first silver!

EDIT 2: Photos as requested :) https://imgur.com/gallery/LP3YvM1
.
I just started watching Brooklyn Nine-Nine after hearing positively about it here on Reddit.
I don’t know what I’ve been doing with my life ‘cause there are a lot of actors that I’ve liked for years. Terry Crews is always a hit, even more so after hearing about his doings on Reddit. I read something about him building a pc for his son, 
Joe Lo Truglio was probably the funniest guy in “We’re the Millers” even though it was a quick appearance, so I’m stoked too see his a part of the show as well. 
I’m just a couple of episodes in, but it’s definitely a show for me. 
I started watching it after seeing that there would be a new season on Reddit, and looking at the comments convinced me. 
Have you seen it? 
Edit: It wasn’t Joe Lo Truglio, but Thomas Lennon, my bad! 
.
One thing I realized about myself is that the littlest things make me happy
For example I've been using the same soap for a long time. It gets the job done but it's boring. Recently I bought myself pack of new all natural soaps and I'm so excited to use them! In one box that was relatively cheap I got a coconut soap, seaweed and sea salt soap, Eucamint soap, lemongrass soap, lavender soap, avocado and grapefruit soap.

Is anyone else like this?




Update: just used the lemongrass soap. You may not believe it but I'm walking on air

To the person who gilded this, thanks. You gave me another little something to be happy about

To the people who silvered and platinumed this, thanks a million! Crazy what appreciating the little things can do.

Hope everyone's day is going great!
.
THANK YOU. This goes out to the people that reach out to their friends or family when they feel something is wrong.
I'm thankful for my sister who forces me to leave my room.  Who calls me daily to come over, and basically forces me to have dinner at her place. Who makes situations happen for me to socialize with other people. Honesty I think I would be in a darker space without her. 

Although,  I try to pretend everything is fine and nothing could possibly be wrong. I know she knows. 

So I'm just thankful that she doesn't give up on me. I'm thankful that she won't take no for an answer. 



Edit: 
I have read every comment here. First of all for those of you that have reached out, whether they have accepted help or not. Thank you. 
I was prideful at first and didn't want to accept any help. Realizing that I wasn't my usual self is what pushes me to continue accepting her being there for me. As well as her straight up telling me I was showing signs of being depressed. She didn't sugar coat it or anything. 
Second of all, she's getting a legit Christmas present this year from me. Haha. All jokes aside I will thank her. 
.
Anyone else prefer the cold?
Not that I want it to be zero and windy all the time but I’m very comfortable when it’s 30-50 degrees F (0-10 C). If it ever gets above 75 I am very uncomfortable lol. Whenever the weather comes on the radio and says “tomorrow it will be a lovely 93 degrees” I’m just like how do people like that? No offense or anything. 

Anyone else prefer the colder weather?
.
Yesterday I (27m) stood up to two 9 year old girls
My friend (29m) and I like to skateboard once in a while for exercise/fun. We went to the skatepark last night with my wife. When we got there, two young girls were screaming and running all over the ramps. It's a small place, so the area they were covering was basically all of it. They were laying across all of the ramps and generally just being little girls. This happens a lot and we usually just try to avoid the kids and hope they get the hint that we'd like to use the ramps. For some scenery, I am a clean cut, highly educated, respectful person who avoids confrontation. 

These kids decide to lock on to me and start yelling "FAIL" after every thing I do. The ringleader of the two told me that when I am rolling down the ramp she was going to trip me so I smash my head on the concrete. I tell them that isn't nice and they decide that I'm mean now. They keep calling me mean, telling me I'm bad at skateboarding, and yelling out "FAIL." To this point, I am being nice and trying to ignore them, they’re just kids, after all. 

The other girl then told me that I had to ride in a specific line that she described, and if I didn't do it, I would die. I didn't do it and she threw a huge handful of sand on me.

I pulled out my phone and acted like I was calling the police. Their tone changed instantly and they started saying "we're only 9" and begging. I went to a different part of the park and tried to ignore them but they had latched on to me. I've had enough at this point. They keep yelling "FAIL" and I finally said fuck it: 

Me: No, YOU fail. 

Girls: What?

Me: YOU fail. 

Girls: At what?

Me: At being a person. Look how you're acting.

Girls: That's really mean. (visibly upset)

Me: AWWWWWWWW are you going to cry?

Girls: (starts walking toward the parking lot) I'm going to go tell my mommy. 

Me: OHHH NOOOO, not your mommy. 


The girl was almost to tears at this point and I decided to stop talking to them. They didn't bother me again, but I didn't want to end up having to defend myself against angry parents, so we decided to go. I almost feel a bit bad about it, but at the same time, it feels like no one has ever stood up to those bullies before. I can only imagine the nightmare it must be to share the same air with them on a regular basis. 


.
Learning english at such a young age helped me learn about many things
Im Muhammed, im from saudi arabia and im 13 years old

When i was 7-8 years old, i played alot of games that werent localized, it was hard for me to play them because of language barriers but i still managed to somehow beat them

Over time, i slowly learned about english in a fairly weird way, from watching westerners playing video games and playing alot of them myself

I slowly learned that those repeated phrases i heard were most likely names, common phrases or words that were used alot

From there i started to learn words by context clues, and i eventually became one of the best in english in my school

I didnt regret learning it naturally at all, even when it seems like i should

It opened so many doors for me to explore, especially on the internet

It let me meet so many people and get some of the best experiences in my life

This simple language barrier being completely broken taught me so much over the course of a few years

Its only now i realized how much learning english helped me in my life

Instead of having to rely on my family to translate or find something on the internet for me, they're relying on me since they consider me the best with electronic devices and translating

Its probably pointless to share it here and expect people to see it, but that isnt stopping me

Have you ever learned something so simple that had a big impact on your life? Have a great day everyone

EDIT:I never expected the post to get this much attention, my responses will be very slow

EDIT 2:When the hell did this get 1k upvotes?

EDIT 3:1.5k updoots? Its only been 9 hours-
.
I am so afraid to write my story in here because of my grammar.
Hi. I'm Korean who have lived in South Korea. 

&#x200B;

I have been here to read your stories and actually it is very fun to me.

&#x200B;

Since you guys always talk about some things I can not experience in here.

&#x200B;

However I always feel terrified to write myself in here... because I know my English is not good enough to converse.

&#x200B;

But, this is my first step of being brazen.

&#x200B;

Sorry for my English. But I just want to say hello and I am very happy to see you.
.
In case you are having a bad day
My 13 year old son just called the police on me for grounding him.


Police.decided all I was doing is parenting him and wished me luck and went on their way.


He is now doubly grounded and I need to re define to him what constitutes an emergency.

Edited to add this child has autism and intellectual delays, he is not a typical 13 yr old
.
I'm New
My stepson made a Reddit account for me to keep me busy and I'm really enjoying it so far. I have no idea what I'm doing but this is the friendliest place I could find on the website.

I'd like to talk about anything but one of my favorite topics is the United States and especially the states themselves, like Missouri. I have my green card and I hope to be a citizen in a few years so I'll be looking forward to that for a while. We can talk about Reddit too. I'd love to hear about good spots on the website to go visit.

Let me know if I messed up this post or didn't follow the rules correctly.
.
I saw a different side of my Dad today.
I'm not close with my Dad, he's been a difficult and stressful presence in my family, but I've wanted to change our relationship in fear of future regret. He went grocery shopping and asked me if I wanted to come, he usually doesn't ask me things like this. I went because it seemed like he really wanted the company, and I want to take small steps in changing our dynamic. We spent the whole day together. He asked me questions about my life which he doesn't do and kept offering to buy different things to cook for me. He was really nice all day, and talked to me about his hobbies and made jokes. Usually we don't really talk, he keeps to himself and all of our interactions are awkward. Today was different. I'm starting to think we're distant because he doesn't feel like he can talk to me or that I want to spend time with him. I have to make the effort because he doesn't think he can. He's difficult, frustrating, and selfish at times but he's also kind, and cares about our family. I think I've allowed his mistakes to keep me from seeing that.

I just wanted to share this, thanks if you read it and please share thoughts or similar experiences.
.
If you can be happy alone, you're winning
Not saying that people should be alone, because sharing life with someone like minded is great. However, and this is just my humble opinion, but if you can be happy alone you're winning at life.

I'm only 24, so I don't have tonnes of life experience, but a lot of the people I know just can't be happy alone. They **have** to be in a relationship to be happy. I don't know if it's good or bad - but it seems dangerous to me. A relationship, in my eyes, should be a supplement to an already good life. Otherwise if you were to break up (which lets face it, a lot around my age will), you just go back to an unfulfilled life and become needy to be with another person.

I guess what I'm trying to say is I think that more people should focus on themselves more. Find a hobby and pursue it, self improvement (workout etc), focus on goals etc.

In your opinion, do you think **needing** to be with someone is good or bad?
.
I donated a kidney yesterday.
I just turned 22 last week, finished the semester a bit early, and gave my left kidney to my best friend. He'd been getting worse for a long time, but still went to school out of state. We scheduled the operation as close to winter break as possible, and now we're both recovering.

I'm just really glad I've had the opportunity to do something so meaningful for someone who means so much to me.
.
Quit drinking, and life has never been better
TL;DR - Quit drinking 3 weeks ago tomorrow, and literally every single aspect of my life has gotten 10 times better.

&#x200B;

I'll try to keep this short, but wanted to share with someone. 20 days ago I stopped drinking. My life had fallen into disarray, and it was entirely my own fault. I became an incredible toxic person, drinking nearly a 5th of whiskey every night. I was making terrible decisions, slacking off at work, when i would actually show up, treating my fiance like garbage, and treating my friends even worse. Had a very long conversation with my best friend and fiance', in what turned out to be the most sobering (no pun intended) moment of my life.

&#x200B;

Tomorrow will be the 3 week mark of my sobriety. I completely stopped drinking, started searching for alcohol counselors, Boy oh boy am I glad I did.

&#x200B;

I feel wonderful, health, motivated, and most importantly, happy. My relationship with my fiance' and daughter have never been this good. I've hated Christmas since I was a child for several different reasons, most circling around an abusive and manipulative mother. Yesterday was, hands down, the best Christmas I've ever had, and not because of the gifts I got, which were only a pair of gym shorts, and a baking dish from Pampered Chef (i like to cook).

&#x200B;

It was the best one because I was sober, happy, and enjoyed my time with my fiances family. And even more, my fiance's uncle offered me some apple pie moonshine, and without hesitation, longing, or remorse, turned him down. It was the first time he had ever offered me a drink on a holiday, which is actually a bigger deal than it seems.

&#x200B;

3 weeks sober tomorrow, and I am so, so happy.

&#x200B;

Edit\* Thanks to everyone for the kind words, and the silver and gold. You all are so incredibly kind. This is the exact kind of support someone in my position needs to continue fighting. Thank you all so much.
.
I am 55 years old and I just baked for the first time in my life.
Real baking, not from a box mix. I made bran muffins with raisins. They are cooling down so I haven't tried them yet. 

Here is the recipe: https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/25224/classic-bran-muffins/print/?recipeType=Recipe&servings=12&isMetric=false

Pic: https://imgur.com/a/b9WzSaA
.
Anyone else think they were raised by the internet?
I mean like all the things I learned on the internet that you would never hear from your parents. Ask reddit stuff like: Social cues, things to know in your first relationship, things to avoid In general, common mistakes in your teens, 20s; things school doesn't teach you, history, proper habits, what losing your virginity is like, your biggest regret, proper college major, and the list goes on.

Edit - Examples: just look at old classics like these that would benefit a teen: [example 1](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/21485n/how_many_sexual_partners_is_too_many_a_deal/), [example 2](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/1obqcx/reddit_what_was_your_biggest_mistake_as_a_teen/), and [example 3] (https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/1ery53/what_should_every_girl_know_by_the_age_of_21/)
.
I realized I was "officially" an adult last night when I checked the weather to see if it was going to rain or if I needed to water my plants. <_<
There's no turning back now! 😂

EDIT: I see this has hit the front page and now a bunch of smartasses are showing up and taking it way too literally haha.

EDIT 2: 90% get what I'm saying, but for the ones that don't: I'm not saying "weeee look at me, I'm an adult now!" but rather referring to the fact that such a mundane thought makes me feel old, whereas when I was a kid this would've been the last thing on my mind. That's all, Reddit Police, so you can settle down now.
.
Free Subscriptions
Just a reminder for everyone to remember to cancel those free subscriptions before you get charged, I definitely could've used this yesterday.
.
Making someone laugh is the best feeling ever
I’m at work and have been having a really rough day with my shift and personal issues. I made a customer laugh and I had this massive rush of happy feelings that nearly made me cry honestly. Such a great feeling :)
.
One year off drugs and one year into the best job ever!!!
Today is 365 days clean from opiates! I have the best friends in the world, I literally could not have done this without them. My best friend and I are going to a concert tonight to celebrate. She bought our tickets and everything; she’s absolutely amazing. 

AND, in a stunning turn of events, my director at work has asked me to do a special project because I have been doing such a good job! I am a private tutor, and my boss has asked me to start working on making a “Tutor’s Handbook”. Basically, it’s going to be a whole book on how to interact with clients, manage your schedule, communicate with parents and teachers, and long-term plan your sessions!! 

There are almost 40 tutors here, and she asked ME to do it!! I am so excited!!

I literally cannot believe that just over a year ago, I had no job, I was pawning all my possessions for drug money, I was in a horrible relationship with an asshole who expected me to buy him drugs, and I couldn’t even afford medical care for the many MANY side effects of shooting up. 

I love my friends. I love my job. Fuck heroin. The end. 
.
Craziest last 24 hours of my life
So within the last 24 hours: 


Our neighbor in our apartment shot himself in the head. We all heard the gun shot and watched the cops and ambulance carrying him out, with his girlfriend crying on the pavement outside their door. 


We got a call from our loan officer saying that we are clear to close on our first home! Closing is on Friday. 


My husbands company got called to do the crime scene clean up at our apartments. He normally does water damage/mold removal...first crime scene clean up and it was for the suicide that we heard happen. He cleaned up that horrific scene. 


And I got call for an interview this Friday at a job that would pay me $1500 more a month, after taxes and the first job in my field of study after grad school. 


I am still processing all the highs and lows of the last 24 hours. Just posting to let it all out.
.
Just found out I was cheated on. Share some uplifting stories/facts to cheer me up! I'll start.
My friend tried to comfort me about it (did a great job) and told me this which made me laugh so hard:

"Okay, imagine there's a toddler. 3-4.

and he can have a really nice bar of chocolate

or he can have a really nice bar of chocolate and he can steal some pretty crappy bars from his younger sibling as well

you know that toddler is having all the chocolate."

Which means I'm a really good bar of chocolate - the highest form of compliment.

I also cried a little on the way home from the gym today and an old lady saw me and asked how I was feeling (she was adorable and so nice) and let me pet her dog. The world isn't that bad sometimes 

Share something, exciting news that's happened to you, a feel-good story, a fun fact, anything that's positive :)

edit: thank you so much for everyone who has responded so far, your stories are helping immensely 

.
Grinning like an idiot, cause a kid just made my day
So I'm just sitting on the train, going home from visiting family. Listening to music, looking out the window, pretty blazed at this point from smoking with my step-brothers.

A guy gets on with his kid, they wander the train a few times. Kid's clearly super excited by the whole experience, keeps pointing at stuff. It's super cute.

At some point, they walk by again, and the kid stops right next to me, looks at me as I'm sitting by the window. Raises his hand, I look at him and lean over, extending my hand to where he can hit it. Little dude gives me a high five, giggles and runs off. Dad gives me a nod and I turn back to the window, grinning like an idiot.

The kid comes back a few minutes later for an encore.

So that was fun, made my weekend. Anything fun happen on your weekends?
.
Trapped in an elevator with 15% battery.
My worst nightmare has been realized. I am at work on the midnight shift at a large manufacturing type facility. There is a certain elevator that often gets stuck. It is currently stuck with me in it and I have 15% battery on my phone. Being the mid shift it could be hours before someone finds me or even notices I'm not where I should be. Not sure how long my battery will last. I might die of boredom. Care to entertain me?

Edit: 14%

Edit2: 8%

Edit3: 2% won't be long now.

Edit4: I'm free!
.
I'm approximately 39 chicken nuggets tall.
The average length of a chicken nugget is 5 cm.

5 centimeters = 1.969 inches

I'm 6 feet 4 inches = 76 inches

76/1.969 = 38.59 = ~39

The size was found from a research study titled, "QUALITY CHANGES IN CHICKEN NUGGETS 
FRIED IN OILS WITH DIFFERENT DEGREES 
OF HYDROGENATION"

Exerpt: "Commercial, ready-to-fry and frozen chicken nuggets were purchased from a major local manufacturer. The average weight of the slab shaped chicken nugget was 21g. The size of the commercial samples was about 5 cm (length) x 3 cm (width) x 1 cm 
(thickness) (± 0.5 cm)."

Edit: I was not expecting this to take off! Thank you stranger for the gold, may you and everyone else be blessed by endless nuggets.
.
I finally get to eat protein! What should I eat first
I have a RARE Genetic disorder called Phenylketonuria where I am missing the enzymes to break down protein. The protein builds up and kills brain cells so I am put on a very strict diet of little protein and have to constantly keep track of what I am eating every day. 
I have been waiting for 19 years for this medicine to come out, they found the missing enzymes in a plant that can break down the protein and I will be able to eat real food without any risks! I began crying at this thought.
 Years of struggling with this diet and I can finally be in control. Any suggestions on what I should eat first? I've never had meat before. Looks delicious!  This is a big change in my life and I am ready!
.
It's easy to forget that people IRL don't generally get internet humor.
So today is my last day working in this office, as well as the last day for a fellow coworker. We're doing a casual little pizza lunch as a send off. Our supervisor comes into our joint office and mentions how few people are working today since it's a Friday. 

He says something along the lines of "I'll send out an email and if people come, they'll come. If not-" and I interject, "if not, it'll be like my 10th birthday party all over again."

The office got quiet.

They realized it was a joke shortly after but were very upset for a hot second.

Y'all have any similar stories?


Edit 1: I don’t think I have enough people explaining “humor” to me.. could I get some more?


Edit 2: Apologies, my dry humor once again has lead to a misunderstanding; edit 1 was entirely sarcastic.
.
My sister
So my sister works in a childrens nursery. In the nursery there was a child who was severly autistic to the point where he couldnt speak. The school said something like there was no point in teaching him how to speak or sign because he wouldnt get it. So they basically gave up on him. But my sister did not. She went out of her way to learn basic sign language and was able to teach him some. She would show him different animal cards and when she showed all she would get him to sign "more" in which my sister would then show them again. So the fact that others had give up on this boy and said he will never learn to speak but my sister was able to teach him basic sign language really makes me happy to see there is some really nice people out there. It may only be one word but i just thought i would share this story as i think its very heartwarming and nice.

Edit: i want to say that i have recently spoken to my sister and she said that it was the communication advisor for the child or something like that (dont quote me im not 100% sure) that had said he couldnt learn to speak. I dont know if it was the school that said this so apologies for any confusion ive made by saying that.

PS on behalf of me and my sister i want to say a big thank you for all your wonderful comments and stories you have decided to share with us. Its nice to see that theres an area where you can just go and talk to so many other nice people.


PSS my sister has commented on this post. I cant pin it. Her name is Jamiex0614.
.
I recently started exercising every time I die in a video game.
Every time I die, I'll either do 10 pullups, 20 push-ups, or 40 sit-ups. It's been helping me work out since I've fallen off the bandwagon lately. It also keeps me from getting too frustrated, since I get tired before I get to the point of ragequit. 

Do any of you have ideas for ways to fit exercise in using a fun method?
.
Today is my one year anniversary of no soda!!
I started this on a whim a year ago today. I had just started going to gym, trying to lose weight so I could ask the girl I liked to homecoming. In the year I moved on from her, asked someone else to prom, dated her for 8months, and just recently broke up.  I’ve been through a lot this year, but I’m happy to say that I’ve been strong this whole time! I don’t know how to celebrate, but I’m still happy!!
.
Today my husband and I bought a new bed, went grocery shopping, then came home and poured ourselves a drink. I just ordered Chinese takeout & about to watch Greys.
I don't want to brag, I want to share. My husband and i were once in a very dark place in our relationship and lives. We didn't have much, we struggled hard, but we continued on. Years later we have great careers, still renting and without children but we are young, and for the first time we are enjoying our lives and ourselves. If we can do it, you can do it. Feels good.

*Edit: thank you all for those that told me my post made you smile. For anyone also going through the motions, don't give up, because when you finally reach a point of not having to worry 24/7 you will APPRECIATE it.

**I also want to add our old bed is going to be taken to a charity in need
.
My 55 year old father has never really been into technology or the internet. Three days ago, he upgraded from his old flip phone to a smartphone. Tonight I recieved an interesting voicemail.
As the title says, my dad is pretty illiterate when it comes to computers, gadgets, the internet, and so on. Picture Hank Hill but divorced and without the Texas accent. He's pretty content to hang out in the garage tinkering with the car and whatnot when he's not working, and the only time he watches television is for football and the news.

Well, his old flip phone hasn't been charging properly lately, and much to my surprise he called me on Wednesday and said he had upgraded to a smartphone. About 10 minutes ago, I noticed that I had received a voicemail. I opened it and heard the following:

"Hey AbsolutelyUnlikely, this is your dad." 

I could already tell he was very intoxicated, which is unusual for him. He's a regular beer drinker, but he hardly ever drinks enough that you can really tell he's been drinking. Again, think Hank Hill. 

The voicemail continued, very slurred, "Hey so I was looking around the internet and I'm wondering what a meme is. Call me back."

My fellow Redditors, I feel like this is a very imporant and delicate conversation for a son to have with his father, almost like a reversal of the "birds and the bees" talk.

Any words of advice on how to explain this in a way that will ease my dad's transition into just how fucking weird the world has become? Thanks

Edit: Thanks for all the input! Off to bed now

Edit again: Thanks for the silver, kind stranger! My first reddit award, what a feeling. I'd like to thank my dad...without his innocent lack of internet savvy, none of this would have been possible.
.
Just dropping by to say that I love you
There’s too much hate in the world. I just wanted to remind you that we can love each other, and the best thing is that it’s easy! Share the love!

edit: thank you for my first silver!! 
.
I slapped a kid in the face today
Okay, calm down, he had it coming, I’m not advocating violence here. And he was maybe 13 or 14, who knows. 

So here’s the story, I was waiting for a bus this evening on my way home from work, and there were maybe a group of 6 - 8 young boys at the bus stop just hanging out, and they started throwing sticks at me. And I know that they really just wanted attention so I ignored them for 5 minutes, then I told them to “fuck off”, and that got them super excited and started throwing more sticks me. 

And at that point I just lost it, I turned around and asked who did it, bunch of them pointed to one, that boy was giggling and making a chinky eye face at me (I’m a tiny Asian girl), so I went up to him, grabbed his arm and slapped him in the face. On a scale of 1 to 10, I think that slap was a 7, it was loud, pretty solid considering this is the first time I ever slapped anyone.

And the other boys fled, the one got slapped was cursing and screaming, tried to kick me but failed, cursed more and made a lot more faces. I think they were definitely talking racist shit in Dutch (I live in Amsterdam), some adults at the bus stop started yelling back at them. They stood at the other side of the road, looking really salty, until the bus came and I got home. 

TLDR: boy throw sticks at me, boy talk shit at me, boy got slapped. 

Times like this always make me wonder what kind of parents these kids have. And what would an appropriate response be to kids just being really annoying in public. Not advocating violence here, but I did not want to just stand there and indulge that type of behavior. 

Also, this does not reflect the Amsterdam spirit at all, it’s an amazing city, everyone is welcomed here!! 

.
So I'll be getting a dollar raise next week which will bump me up to $14.50 an hour as a temp, which will officially be the most I've ever been making.
I can't really talk about this with anyone since the only people I ever see are my coworkers and it's generally considered taboo to talk about wages with coworkers, but I'm pretty damn stoked about this.

For starters I'm a 31 year old college dropout that lives with my parents, so I'm not exactly where I expected to be in my life at this point but I could be doing a lot worse. Just over 2 years ago I was making minimum wage working fast food jobs, wasn't exactly right in the head and my life kind of fell apart.

Took a seasonal job starting at $10 an hour in spring of 2016, got hired full time and worked there until October last year. Was making $14 an hour when I quit, too much drama and too many conflicting personalities made me decide I could do better. I quit smoking weed so I could get a job through a temp agency, which honestly was really fucking hard for me but it's starting to seem worth it now.

This job I started off at $13 an hour as a temp, it's a CNC operator job and when I get hired in I'm told by coworkers that I'll get a fat raise. Already got a 50 cent raise for going to 3rd shift, now we're starting a new 12 hour shift and I volunteered to work the weekend shift which came with an additional $1 shift premium.

So yeah, life seems to be looking up. This isn't exactly my dream job but it seems to be a perfect stepping stone to get my life back on track.

Edit: This blew up when I sleeping, a lot of people suggested trade schools and it's something I've considered but I really don't want to do blue collar work for the rest of my life. Ideally I'd like to work in the video game industry because it's something I've always dreamed of doing, so if I ever go back to school I'd be leaning towards that. For now I have to focus on paying off debt from my first failed college attempt and I'm getting close, should have it paid off in a couple years and then I'm free to do whatever I want.
.
I'm bi!
I'm an 18 year old male and have been suppressing my attraction to men for a while and have only realized it now. I still like girls to an extent, but I finally stopped fighting and realized I like men more than I like women. It feels like a huge weight lifted from me

I don't even know where to post this so I'm posting it here! I even found a nice guy that I'm really into pretty soon after! Extremely happy

EDIT: seriously why did you guys upvote this so much its very mundane
.
When I’m driving and someone’s making me mad, I always give them a thumbs up instead of a middle finger
There’s just something about it that is so much more satisfying, because I’m not being mean I’m just being kinda sarcastic. 
If I’m really mad at them, I’ll give them a thumbs down
.
I've never felt so positive & motivated to live my life to the fullest since crippling myself.
It's crazy. For years, I took my health for granted and never appreciated anything. I was depressed. I hated everything. I was always grumpy with the world for not appreciating me.

However, it wasn't until I slipped a disc in my back where it taught me a super valuable lesson. I don't need the world to appreciate me - **I need to appreciate me.** Me, and me alone. And since then, I've been driven to be the greatest man I can possibly be.

After being almost paralysed for a couple days and (quite literally) burning my back with hot water bottles, I've powered through the crippling pain and started training my body after thorough research to make sure it doesn't happen again. I've also learn a lot more about how the human spine works - which is a bonus! I can walk again, crouch again, and manouver my body freely after two weeks, and I'm so happy. The only thing I can't do yet is sit upright in chairs. However, I'm determined to be back to 100% by the end of the year!

Does anyone else want/need some motivation? I wanna bring people up with me!

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

EDIT: Oh my giddy aunt, I was not expecting this post to blow up at all. Thank you everyone for your lovely messages, and for letting my try and motivate you. Have to be honest though, I'm so burnt out! 😭 So forgive me if I don't do any more. I need a break.

Just remember, for everyday you live and breathe, you've got a chance to make a difference. I believe in change, and so should you. You owe it to yourselves to face your fears, and bring your future home. You can do this.

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

EDIT 2: To prevent it from happening, train your back. A muscular back will relieve pressure on the disks from your vertebrae. Deadlifts are the best exercise for this, but train with a PT first or someone experienced, **WITH SMALL WEIGHTS.**

A bad deadlift can cause injury. Which is what gave me a slipped disc in the first place. -_- but I'm more cheerful now so hoorah for my incompetence.
.
This breaks my heart.
Yesterday I was babysitting my cousin's kids (5yo, 6yo, 11yo). At one point in the evening my cousin's 11 year old son showed me a pressure sensitive light he had built out of scraps he found. I was genuinely very impressed with what he'd done, so he showed me the rest of the things he's built. Everything he was showing me was amazing. Granted it was standard circuit board work, but he's an 11 year old kid! On top of all this, he told me that he'd been working with this sort of stuff since he was 9! When he saw how amazed I was, all he said was "Thank you, no one else is interested in my stuff." I realized something at that point that hurt my soul: This poor kid is growing up in a society that's more enamoured by people who simply do what's expected of them, instead of being enamoured by those who go above and beyond. The fact that an 11 year old kid is being ignored, despite the fact that he's so much smarter than most kids his age, genuinely breaks my heart. All I can do is hope that his time of recognition comes soon, because this kid absolutely deserves it.

EDIT: Wow. You guys are all so amazing. The amount of support you're all giving is beautiful. I'm going to show my cousin's son all of these replies. I want to show him that he is supported by more people than he would have imagined. I'm sorry if I am unable to respond to everyone, but I want to say to all of you in this sub: Thank you for being wonderful people.
.
I volunteer to litter pick parks around where I live so that kids don’t have to play around needles, broken glass and general litter.
The amount of times that I’ve been doing it and a mother or carer have loud and blatantly told their kids not to go near the “smelly man”, “dangerous man” and the, I shit you not, “disgusting cunt”.  
I’m a tall, athletic 22 year old bloke and I’m well groomed, it just shows how people judge you for doing something that they deem below them! 

Yeah, by all means, be wary of any person wandering through the park, but don’t be rude! I’m trying to help! :)  

Edit - I don’t know why the flair says gaming
.
How often do you guys use upvotes?
When I started reddit I was very select about upvoting things, but now I find myself handing them out like candy at the end of Halloween. What about you?

Edit: Spelling
.
Does anyone else get 'Friendship crushes', where you have this urge to be someones friend because you realized they're amazing?
In the most non sexual or loveydovey way, sometimes when I find a person who seems so wholesome I get this weird crush want to be their friend. Mostly in a way that I really wanna get to know them and their thoughts and have cool conversations but also I want to be a part of their life. I'd apply myself to situations where we could get to know each other etc. All the absolute best friends I've ever had in the world were a result of this :)
.
Joined Reddit Today.
So as the title says, I officially became a member today and am super nervous about it. haha  I'm not really good at interacting with people (I'm older than the average Redditor and I also have Asperger's, which is the pits. ): ) so I hope to start with baby steps, taking everything in slowly posting on a few subreddits that interest me.  As I said, I'm nervous but kind of excited about it.  Anyway I just wanted to say hi and ask how everyone's day is going so far. :)

&#x200B;

Edit:  Thank you everyone for making my first experience on Reddit a memorable one.  I had lots of fun meeting so many new people and talking with you all tonight.  It was great!
.
I (18f) finally told my boyfriend (18m) I have aspergers!
So having aspergers is something I dont think I have fully accepted. I have known since I was 14 and am very high functioning so it doesn't affect my life that much, but its just the fact that aspergers is never talked about in the media, especially about high functioning females, so I've never been able to even talk about it face to face with anyone outside my family. 

We have been dating for about 4 months although talking for basically nearly a year. I was planning on waiting till after exams to tell him as I wanted to do it face to face but I just couldn't wait that long so I told him last night over text. 

Apart from my closest friends I have told one guy who treated my awfully (only would show any interest when drunk) which I think was because of me having aspergers and him being embarrassed by liking me. 

However, I literally couldn't have dreamed for a more perfect response from my boyfriend. He replied saying how he loved me for me and wouldn't change a thing about me and thanked me for telling him. He also said that if aspergers is part of my personality it helps make up a beautiful, funny idiot which you bet made me cry. 

He also instantly realised that his indecisiveness may have been causing me stress and apologised which is so validating to hear as I often feel extremely guilty for "overreacting". 

Anyway, as I really wanted to tell someone, but I'm not too comfortable talking about it to anyone I thought why not tell the whole of reddit! I am incredibly lucky to have my boyfriend and I love him a whole fucking lot!!
.
Does anybody else feel that they have no time to do personal/fun stuff during the week, but then can't think of any personal/fun stuff to do on the weekend?
I find this quite funny actually. During the week (I work 8-5 and then hit the gym for around 2 hours) I'm always complaining that I have no time to do fun stuff. I don't mean going out and hanging with friends or whatever. Just generic stuff.

Then during the weekend, like today for instance, I've got absolutely nothing to do, and can't think of any of the aforementioned fun stuff that I can do. I'm just sat here in front of the TV watching movies, scrolling reddit. I sometimes switch on my PS4 and play for about 10 minutes, and then realise that it's not really what I feel like doing.

In some ways, I feel like this is a sign that I'm satisfied with my life. Which makes me feel quite good to be honest. I don't need the weekend to fill some void. I've got a good/satisfying/challenging job, I give it my all at the gym to try and improve myself, and a loving girlfriend and family at home.

I've decided that throughout the next week, whenever I feel like doing something that I'm to tired to do at the time, I'm going to take note of it in my phone, and then revisit the list during the weekend.

Does anybody else ever feel like this? How do you usually fill your *bleh* time.
.
I sometimes feel bad for the comments that are downvoted for no real reason, so I upvote them to make their day a little better
I know they probably never notice, and it's kinda silly to like a comment just because you feel bad for them, but I just hope that when people see their comment go from -1 to 0 it makes their day just a little bit better

Does anyone else do this? 
.
My boyfriend's mom likes me and it makes me really happy
When we first started dating, she was kind of hard on me, but i think she more disliked the idea of her son being in a relationship than she actually disliked me as a person. 

But it's 7 months later now, and she wanted me in the Thanksgiving family photo this year. She's also taken to calling me "baby girl" (like she calls her own daughter) and told me today that she got me a christmas present and she's really excited cuz she thinks im gonna love it. 

It's just nice knowing that I've gotten the official seal of approval :-) his mom is an awesome woman, and i'm really happy that she considers me an official part of the family now. 
.
I just received fan mail
So a bit of a backstory, between the ages of 15 and 17 I was in a band called Static Pink, we played pop-punk (closest band would probably be 5 Seconds of Summer, Yellowcard or Tonight Alive), and we had a pretty decent following by the time I left - we had fans in Venezuela, the Philippines and more send us fan art and photos of themselves with big banners with our names and faces on them, it was pretty cool.

Skip 4 years and today I get a message from a woman in West Virginia who explains that she's been listening to our music ever since it was released, 5 years ago, and that her daughter is a massive fan and is asking for us to sign a copy of an album for her. I'm 21 years old by now, in university with an entirely different life, as are the rest of the band.

Just thought it was really cool to have someone, 4 years after the band broke up, still listening to the material we put out and still finding the time and effort to message me to explain how much they loved the music.

EDIT: Most popular post, thank you!
.
Just stepped on a roach barefoot.
Am traumatized. A roach got in and I was sweeping barefoot and didn’t see it and felt and heard a crunch and squish under my BARE FOOT and had stepped on a roach. Nothing more to say. Just gonna go jump off a roof now. 
.
You get an upvote! You get an upvote! Everybody gets an upvote!
But seriously, I'm terrible at upvoting. I'll genuinely appreciate a post or chuckle but I never remember to upvote. I've got to get in the habit of it starting today. Everyone have a good day/night! 😀

Edit: Everyone has been upvoted so far! Plus I've given away like 200 upvotes outside of this thread. I'm getting better!
.
Anyone else feel extremely nervous while posting on Reddit?
I lose my shit when I'm trying to post something. I end up putting way too much effort into the title, post and everything else because I am afraid that people might downvote me and disagree. Ok, putting it this way sounds stupid but I think you guys get what I mean?
What a time to be alive. I'm scared because of the darn internet
.
I made my dad cry at the mall today.
My dad, younger brother, and I went to the mall today and we were just about to leave when my brother saw the Nike store and said, "Dad, lets go look at the shoes." So we walked in and drifted to look around. My dad was just kinda walking around, not really expecting much. I walked towards him and noticed him looking at some black, red-laced walking shoes. I told him to try them on and asked him if they were comfortable and nice. He said they were, but then he looked at the price tag and put them back on the shelf. I picked them back up and said, "let's go." He then said, "no stop," but I took them to the register anyway and bought them. I turned to him and gave him the bag with the shoes. His eyes got really watery until  some tears fell down his face. He hugged me and said, "thank you." 

I know this doesn't seem like a big deal, but things are rough right now for him and my mom. After, 20 years of marriage and trying to fix things, they've given up and decided to called it quits. But I want him to know that even though that's over, I'm still here. He has me, he has my brother, he has people that still love and care for him. I love my dad very much and I'm glad I got to see him lighten up for the first time in weeks.


Edit: I just read every single one of your guys' comments and I cannot thank you guys enough for your kind words. I appreciate every single one of them from the bottom of my heart. Also, was not expecting to be gilded but thank you! 

Edit2: I get the "RIP inbox" now. You guys really do have some beautiful stories and thoughtful words. Another thing I hadn't realized was that I wrote my story in a gender-neutral way. For those that were wondering, I am his only daughter out of four. 
.
I got a CPAP machine yesterday and used it for the first time last night. Holy cow.
I literally cried in the shower this morning. I feel like a different person. I never realized how my entire morning routine was basically based on the presumption that I would be exhausted.

For people that don't know, CPAP machine is a machine that uses air pressure to treat sleep apnea. Sleep apnea is when you stop breathing at night and you have to wake up a little bit to start breathing again. For me, it happened about 25 times an hour. In extreme cases, it happens 100 or more times an hour. You're not conscious of it, so it's basically invisible  to you. The funny thing is, the only reason I went to the doctor in the first place is because my wife complained about me snoring at night.

I can't underscore enough how much better I feel. I had no idea how much apnea was degrading the quality of my sleep. It's one thing to *know* you have the disease, it's another to experience the tangible benefits of treating it. I never want to go back. I thought it would be hard to sleep with a mask on. But man, I haven't slept that well in... decades? I don't even know. I thought I tossed and turned at night and slept on my side because that's just how I am. Nope, it's because I can't breathe on my back. With the mask, I slept on my back peacefully all night.

I guess I'm just making the post because I'm sitting here at work and I just can't get over how much better I feel.
.
Proud on my daughter, want to share a feel-good story with you at the end of 2018
My oldest daughter (7) is autistic and very rarely verbal, so we hardly communicate with words. But just because of that we had probably one of the most fun holidays ever. I shared this story over at another subreddit in the comments, but I decided to share it with you good folks too :)

A year ago at christmas I was just playing the sims on my laptop. She casually sat down with me, and all she asked after a while was "try?", after which we just played the game together. That was the first time we actually did something together, and I feel we have grown incredibly the past year.

It has been an odd year at that, she has been diagnosed with a hormonal disbalance which caused puberty to hit WAY before it should, mainly causing her to grow rapidly at a young age. So often her body hurts and often people will think that she is behind for her age mentally while in fact she in ahead of her age physically. Though we are fighting through it and I am glad that she doesn't seem to get bothered by it too much :)

This year's christmas started off when we were buying a christmas tree. Left the youngest kids at home (with the babysitter of course) while I took my oldest daughter out christmas shopping. Starting off with a tree. We went to a huge yard with hundreds of trees stalled out and we both went looking for a pretty one. Whenever she found one she liked, she would stick her head out of a row of trees to peek into the row where I was searching. Scared the shit out of some people but I thought it was quite funny and cute.

We decided to stay away from home a bit longer (the babysitter knew that we could stay away pretty long that day, don't worry) and went to get something to eat at mc donalds. Now, I mentioned that she hardly speaks, but she does speak when she deems it the right thing to do, be it in as few words as possible. Everytime we eat at a restaurant where people are to put away their own trash (like mc donalds, at least around here) she makes sure to tell an employee that she did, as she believes doing so is a thank you to them.

That day, some teens just got up and got away. While timid, my daughter will move mountains when it comes to doing the right thing, so she got up and stood in front of them. puffed cheeks, arms crossed, and she gave them a firm "clean table" without showing any intention of mercy. I can tell you, those boys were not allowed to leave. Every time they pushed her away she got back in front of them while telling them once more to clean their table. Some other customers liked it, and backed her up. When the boys finally decided to clean their table, she returned to our own table and got a rewarded hamburger from someone who thought she did good. So not only did she feel proud at 'teaching someone proper manners', she was also happy to get another hamburger to eat. After that she was as quiet as usual again, but still obviously feeling proud.

With christmas come pretty clothes, and I can tell you, she is like me when it comes to that. My husband has occasionally adjusted my clothing to be less formal, as it looked as if I was going to a dinner with the king and queen rather than with his parents. But we ended up finding her a lovely little white dress, she loved it, I loved it, hubby didn't have a choice in the matter, so we bought it.

She bought a small box of lego star wars with her own savings, which she wanted for a few weeks. In the store she started gesturing some things, because some time ago she went to buy another box of lego at that store and at that time she didn't know what she wanted. Thus some employee in that store wanted to be the good guy and help her, which meant pointing her to the girls lego, as he thought that she couldn't pick because she was searching among the trucks, ninjas and space ships, the "boys lego". She just looked at him and grabbed some random star wars lego, saying "this shoots" and then she continued searching something in the "boys" area. This time she had quite a laugh about that moment. Such a small moment, but it felt good to relive it.

After she got her lego, we went back home to decorate the tree. She was done with decorating before we even started, as one of the balls fell and shattered. She didn't like the sound so she left. In the meantime she went building with her new legos, though she did like to plug the lights in at the end.

at christmas eve she first helped her little brother and sisters unpack their gifts before picking one for herself. We always let them pick one gift at christmas eve and save the others for the next days (in the netherlands we have christmas day on the 25th and second day of christmas on the 26th). She picked the largest box, which was a large lego city set. So she started building. Eventually she came to me with one of the books and a bag of bricks, while gesturing me to come. I firstly thought that she couldnt find something or got confused (which happens more often) but she wanted me to help her build, so we ended up building together. Not together on the same items, but each our own things to build. That was a first. We often build together, but she usually always wanted to build the new sets herself.

The next day she got to unpack half of the remaining gifts. Some more legos, some stuffed animals (her favorite being a stuffed creeper, from minecraft.) and Zelda for the switch. She didn't touch the new game yet, as she first wanted to finish playing pokemon let's go. Later that evening she wanted to play pokemon together, so we did.

It was quite a busy day with all the gifts and visiting my in-law's, so she was very tired at the end of it. She couldn't get to sleep so she entered my room with her stuffed creeper. She isn't one for hugs but that day she felt comfortable by snuggling really close, which allowed her to fall asleep.

Maybe a small thing to most, but I can say with confidence that moments like those easily knock everything else off the throne as the happiest moment of my life.


EDIT: thanks for the silver and gold, dear strangers! Happy new year, from my daughter and myself :D
.
Deleted my dating apps for good.
I had all the works. Bumble, Tinder, and Hinge. I’m 20 M and it just hasn’t worked out for me for the past 2 years. Never met a single person off the app, so it has led me to the belief that I will meet someone that is actively interested in me in person, whenever that may be.
.
Found a redditor at the movie theater today.
So I went to see the Alita movie, and when it ended, I walked out behind these two people who were talking about it. The guy was pretty heavy with black saggy pants and a black hoody, and the girl looked like she regretted her whole life.

The guy said "That ending was so disappointing. That whole movie was awful." 

She responded "I thought the special effects were pretty cool." 

So he said: "I'm too intellectual to be impressed by special effects. I just see through the lies and straight to the truth."

And that was the most pretentious, unintentially hilarious thing I've heard this month.
.
Only now noticed how cool and wholesome Japanese youth culture really is...
I’m a Brit travelling Vietnam. Tonight I was sitting in Hanoi just sipping my coffee. There were large groups of Japanese youths hanging around on the streets. In England youths doing this usually means they are smoking/taking drugs and generally up to no good. 

These Japanese kids not only were dressed like absolute boss’s with their unique street style, but after a while of watching them I saw how wholesome and warm they were with each other. They all seemed to have some kind of talent as well, one was street dancing, one had mastered a skate board, one was blowing insane vape rings... 

I really enjoyed watching them just hang out. It made me wish I could befriend them all! 

Then I remembered I’m a 31 year old uncool English person so it can never happen.

No idea why I felt the need to share this, but here it is. 
.
My in-laws are my biggest fans and it's so damn cute
I have a very strong relationship with my own family so I didn't expect to "adopt" a new one. But I swear, my in-laws are the cutest people in the world. I love them so much. They accepted me immediately and I feel like their daughter no matter what. I have some projects that involve social media presence and they are my biggest fans (they even earned some badges proving that 😂). It's really cute. I am from a different country and often times post stuff in a language they don't understand. It doesn't matter to them. They share my stuff, comment on it, watch the streams and root for me in general. Even if it's about games they don't understand at all. I feel just unconditional love from them. I feel so blessed. Really. 
.
Ever just feel like secondary friend?
It's weird to describe. I see a lot of posts on the internet of people saying that they don't have friends. I definitely have friends but the thing is I never feel like I'm anyone's primary friend. Like I'm probably the guy that people message whenever their true friends don't respond or can't go to something. Anyone else feel this way too? 

Edit: Speech to text sucks
.
I’ve been an avid mobile reddit user for a while now and i finally went on the desktop version for the first time today, and it sucked.
Heavily biased opinion here, but desktop is hard to navigate and it’s so tedious having to move the cursor all around the screen just to click in and out of posts( partly my fault cause I was using a track pad.) I firmly believe that mobile is the superior version.

Edit: woah, thanks for my most popular post, I’ve enjoyed talking with you guys 
.
When I wake up tomorrow, I'm beginning my 1 year Internet fast. For one year, I will only use the internet as necessary for school work. No social media. No reddit.
There is a quite I read today. It said that comparison is the thief of joy. There are few things that are so true.

I turn 25 soon. This year, I've lost 60lbs so far, I've gotten into a decent engineering school, I've become a well organized, and tidy person. And I've started a skincare routine that's really made my skin look a lot better. I've grown in maturity. I've read books (completely finished novels) for the first time in my life without being in school. 

I've made a lot of progress since January 1. But I've never been able to feel good about it. I know the reason why. I get online and all around I see people who are doing much better than me. I see people younger much farther along than me. I see women I know I couldn't attract right now. I see guys my age and younger who look like bodybuilders. I see so many beautiful, smart, amazing people doing incredible things that I want to do. But when I look at myself I only see how far behind I am. 

The thing I'm ashamed to confess is how close I've come to suicide multiple times this year. Each time I was close, it came in the hills of seeing someone online who I felt I couldn't compare to. 

Well no more. I'm taking the next 365 days to focus on me. I'm going to learn, I'm going to track my weight loss, I'm going to talk to a new person each day. I'm going to fake confidence until I'm not faking anymore. 

I'm only going to compare me to me. For the next year, I plan on being almost totally self centered aside from taking care of familial responsibilities. Hopefully I'll be happy come August 29, 2018. I'll see you on this account on that day. 
.
Stop being mean to Kevin Smith. He really doesn't deserve your vitriol.
Kevin Smith dodged death last night after surviving a massive heart attack. And all I'm seeing this morning are people posting statuses about how much he sucks, how awful Tusk was, what a stoner he is, how he hasn't made a good movie since the 90s. Kevin Smith doesn't make movies for anyone except for his fans, and his fans love him. I wouldn't even call myself a Kevin Smith "fan" (I don't listen to any of this podcasts and haven't seen much of his new work). All I know is that Kevin has spent two plus decades honoring his fans, giving his fans what they want, and being an open book about it the whole way. There are a lot of self-indulgent artists out there who deserve to be taken down a peg, but dunking on Kevin Smith has always stuck me as kind of lazy. And to do it less then twelve hours after he almost died isn't just lazy, it's also negative in a way that Kevin Smith never is.

Idk. What are your thoughts about Kevin Smith?
.
Since I’m currently unemployed and job searching, having a library card to check out e-books from the comfort of my home has been a great escape during a tough time
So I’ve been unemployed since November and am applying to jobs. On unemployment. Early in January I was finally able to renew my library card. Since then I’ve read 4 books and am a third of the way through my 5th book. Currently reading Hillbilly Elegy and just finished Between The World and Me. I haven’t read this much willingly since I was in elementary school.

**Edit 1**: For those that have asked I actually haven’t listened to audiobooks except for two on a road trip with a friend. I tend to listen to podcasts a ton though would consider if I had long periods of driving time. My goal is to read 25 books this year though I think at my rate 50 or more is doable. Also though employment is great, unemployment has allowed me to do some soul searching (starting the process) and read more so far then I’ve ever read before. I’ll respond more tonight or tomorrow as I’m headed out with friends. 

**Edit 2**: I have a Goodreads account, I recommend it to everyone! Also Libby is fantastic and even allows to check out audiobooks.
.
I just quit my job.
I just quit my shitty restaurant job. It was actually quite well paid, but the owners were dicks who threatened to remove hours and fire me all the time, so this time I just told them I am not coming this weekend, and I quit. Feels good man! Gonna go snowboarding now to relax :) 
.
Met a pretty woman at a dog park. A few days later she was there again. That night I installed a dating app and she was the first person it recommended to me.
Kind of weird how that worked out, I thought. So I messaged her and told her about it and she gave me her number.

For clarification, the app is Plenty of Fish. I went to my "ultra match" list and she was number one.
.
I have made it to day 3!
Honestly didn't think I'd do it this time but I'm on day 3 of no smoking and I feel pretty good all the way around. Got a good nights sleep woke up did my hair and make up, cleaned the house, got the kids all taken care of. Feel motivated today and just honestly good about life and proud of myself :)
.
I just finished watching all the Marvel Cinematic Universe films for the first time.
Did it over the course of a couple weeks in chronological order, from Captain America to Infinity War. I never really had any interest in watching them, as I don’t particularly like action movies, but I was bored and have some stressful shit goin that I needed a distraction from, so I said “fuck it, why not?”. 

I was pleasantly surprised! They’re so much more than action films. I didn’t realize how funny they were. Found myself actually cracking up on occasion. And crying lol. I’m legit sad I didn’t jump on this bandwagon earlier.

Now I just have to watch Endgame!

Edit: Holy crap, this blew up! I guess while I’m at it, I should add that another big reason I decided to watch the series was specifically because of the chill fan base. I was never made to feel bad about not watching the movies. I was never hounded by anyone. When I told people I’d never seen the films, the response was always a simple “Oh man, I’m so jealous that you get to watch them for the first time”. So I guess thank you for being a nice fan base haha. I’ll try to respond to comments throughout the work day!

Edit #2: Hey thanks so much to the douchebags who inboxed me spoilers to Endgame! I’d actually successfully avoided spoilers till now, so really, thanks so much for that...

**UPDATE** : Saw Endgame. And just...wow. Wow wow wow wow. There’s literally so many things I loved about it, I don’t think I’d have time to name them all.

Except Fat Thor. Fat Thor was truly a gift.
.
I'm a Toys R Us employee, I have to be at work at 7 tomorrow, and I can't even think about sleep right now.
As Toys R Us closes I get to look at it from the side of the employees. It's been a weird couple of days and its a bit surreal. The last thing I needed in my life was to lose my job, and that's what is about to happen. 

While I'm incredibly depressed about my job and other things in my life. I do whatever I can to keep my mind off of the bad stuff. So I'm up to talk to anyone who wants a conversation. Im gonna be up a while.


Edit (6:10am): I fell asleep and woke up to more comments than I can imagine. After work i'll be back to answer the ones I missed overnight. 


.
A coworker just discovered my previous Reddit username and I had to delete my account. I was in the five-year club. And not I'm starting afresh.
It was such a silly mistake. A post she knew I shared because it was content we'd created together. 

I didn't delete my account because I had weird stuff on there that I was ashamed of. I just loved the privacy of it. I'm not on Facebook, Instagram, Twitter or any of the other public social media forums. I just don't like the experience of them. But over the years, I've come to see Reddit as my safe-anonymous-space. I love that I can talk to people without the pressure of who I am coloring the conversation. On Reddit, I'm only as smart or stupid, funny or mean, and silly or insightful as the comment that I'm writing. 

I'd gotten 13k karma in the five years that the account existed in posts and comments. It was never a landslide of upvotes, just a few here and there. I liked it that way, though. I liked the smaller, niche, tight-knit subreddits where I usually posted—there weren't too many people at a time but the ones that were around wanted to be there and cared about the community.

I guess I'm writing this because I feel weird. I don't care about fake internet points...so why am I upset my account is gone? Maybe it's the longevity of it all. Five years that have seen me through different continents, professions, and mindsets. It feels like I'm starting afresh in more ways that one. Even though my old account has only been gone five minutes.   

Edit: Meant to say 'now' in my title. Sorry for the typo. 

Edit 2: This has started so much conversation and I'm really enjoying replying to you guys. I'm going to keep replying all through today. I love hearing all your stories! ...These upvotes are making me nervous, though. My plan, if I'm discovered again, is to deny everything and say that this could be anybody.  
.
A few days ago, a girl on the bus that I didn't recognize gave me a very warm smile.
More than anything I was puzzled by it, I had no idea why that smile would be directed at me in particular. I even looked behind me to see if there was anyone else she was looking at, despite sitting in a corner. When she got off the bus, we both exchanged big smiles and waves, with me still as puzzled as ever as to why we were doing this. I felt pretty happy afterwards for a while with the thought of someone smiling warmly at a stranger like that. People don't really tend to do that, myself included, even though it has the power to make someone's day the way it made mine.

I saw her on the bus again a couple of days later, and this time she was drawing in a sketchbook, and that's when I realized why she was smiling at me: Nearly a year ago, one of the bookstore clerks at my university had some amazing Kirby art at her counter. While she wasn't there when I was buying books, I made a quick second stop later on to compliment her art in person.

Once I recognized her, I talked to her for a bit, and she told me that the art she was drawing was for an online customer. I didn't talk to her for very long, as she seemed as shy as I was, but I felt happy that her business was getting customers like that.

After the bus ride, I thought to myself: How did she instantly recognize me? We hadn't seen each other in nearly a year, and I'm too average-looking to stand out in a crowd. I'm a pretty shy person, so I was there for under 15 seconds and barely made eye contact. But, even just the single compliment stuck with her for months. 

Tl;dr: Person I didn't recognize on the bus warmly smiled at me, I realized later that it was because I complimented her art months earlier, and that compliment stuck with her to this day. It can seem hard to make a big difference, but if you want a super easy way to make a significant positive difference for someone, whether over the internet or in person, compliment something that they've made.

Edit: I just want to let everyone that has positively responded know that you have all done the same thing that I did: Made some stranger's day! You do that most every time that you positively respond to someone on the internet through this sub or elsewhere, so realize the positive effect that you've had on the world and be proud of yourselves!
.
I have 1 year sober today! I should be dead but here I am!
I never thought I'd make it to one year. My liver recovered, my cholesterol has gone down, I'm losing weight at a steady pace, and my memory has improved. I'm so grateful to be here.

Edit: my first reddit gold! Thank you!!

Edit 2: it's way too overwhelming to reply to everyone but thank you so much for the positive thoughts and well wishes! You guys are awesome :) 
.
(UPDATE) Every single day for the past few weeks, a lizard has come into my backyard and done push-ups for literal hours straight. When I wake up to eat breakfast, I see him out there doing push-ups. When I eat dinner at night, he's still there. I think I'm going to get my ass kicked by a lizard.
Hello friends, when I woke up today I still saw the damn lizard taunting me outside the window. When I went outside it didn't run away this time so I was able to get a way better look and [recording](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3Xyq9G8mz_s) of this muscular monster. 
I've been informed that it's mating season for lizards, so I guess the lizard is either trying to mate with me or assert his dominance. Probably the latter. 

I've spent the last two days of my free time recording (I'm pretty proud of the new footage I got) and deciphering whether or not a 5-inch lizard is going to assassinate me. How are your days going?
.
I finally deleted the Facebook app from my phone
I’ve been so sick of Facebook recently but felt as though I was stuck on there because of how many people contact me on there. But today I just thought fuck it and told everyone I’m deleting the app albeit keeping messenger and it’s gone! I want to feel like a weight has been lifted from my shoulders but maybe that will come in the weeks to come when I realise that I don’t read any of that crap anymore!

Edit: I’m proud to have inspired so many people to follow in my footsteps
.
Four Years Nicotine Free.
Hey Everyone,

&#x200B;

Today marks 4 years cold turkey on cigarettes.

&#x200B;

From 16 years of age to just after my 30th birthday, I went cold turkey. Suffered through the most intense migraine I have ever experienced, and then, while crying in absolute pain, I felt (and somewhat heard?) a loud snap, and just like that, the migraine stopped.

&#x200B;

My family doesn't know any of this (It's true what they say - the more strict the parent, the better liars your children become); plenty of sneaking around, hanging out with friends with the same habit, it was easy to pass the smell off as theirs. Not gonna lie, even though the nicotine has long gone, it's the keeping the hands busy that I'm still trying to shake. 

&#x200B;

Anyways, just wanted to share this milestone. Hope wherever you are in your current hour, that you are doing well. :)

Edit: As it is written in reddit lore, I humbly thank the generous souls who bestowed the shinies on this individual and her victory over big tobacco.

Also thank you to the lovely folk who shared their victory stories here with me; I hope we continue to inspire each other. :)
.
Kissed a stranger and can't stop smiling!
While eating lunch and waiting for my 4pm class yesterday, I started chatting with a guy waiting on his own class. We had over an hour to kill before our classes and decided to walk and chat. 

He's kind of funny and I totally didn't get that we were flirting because I'm almost 22 and have never been in a relationship or close to one. Eventually he asked if he could kiss me and I said sure and it was my first kiss! It was a little awkward at first, but then it just got better and better and I haven't stopped smiling since. He wrapped his arm around me and kept flirting and we kissed a bit more behind a pillar and I walked him to his class because he didn't really know where the building was (at least that's what he said). We held hands and kissed some more outside of the building his class was in and it was just absolutely perfect. The exact way I always imagined my first kiss going, but still a total surprise and in the moment sort of thing. 

Not sure why I'm here really. I guess I just want to tell someone. I'm definitely not about to text my parents, and my girl friends can kind of be man-haters and probably would just say I'm being dumb and I really just want to see that hour as the sort of perfect moment it was. 
.
This is the best time of my life
Im 15 and i've never really had any friends at all up until now. Almost two months ago some people invited me to hangout with them and when I did i was awkward at first. But surprisingly, they wanted to hang again because they thought i was funny. Through the long line of events i've met new and cool people. I just needed to tell somebody somewhere. 

Remember if you feel lonely there are always good times ahead.
.
I worked security at a Kesha/Macklemore show tonight
I was working in the barricade. Macklemore kneeled down on a speaker next to me, put his arm around me, took my hat off, put it on his head and then put it back on my head backwards. I'm not a big fan, but I gotta say he put on a hell of an energetic show and this was probably one of the coolest moments in my life. People got it on video and I'm hoping a video or picture surfaces.

Edit:
[Proof](http://imgur.com/wKmWCHE)
.
I always wear headphones at college to avoid talking to people, and today I took them off early.
I always keep headphones in and music playing between classes at university.  I'm a generally shy person; unless I already know you I won't make an effort to make small talk. 

Today we had a test and I took my headphones off to study a little more intently before our exam. There's a fellow who sits next to me and seems kind enough. Then he straight up asks if he can cheat off me. I say no. Then he offers me *$5* to let him see my answers. I stayed up til 2am studying for my exams today, so I politely declined without making a big deal out of it. But come on, we're in our 20xx/30xx level classes. If you're going to cheat, do it yourself.
.
so... I found a hamster in my room!
I was watching netflix and I heard my rats shuffling around more than they usually do, so I sit up and turn my phone screen to them and I see a fluffy white blob sitting right outside their cage! initially I think it's my albino rat, winnie, so I freak out and get up as quickly (but as calmly) as I can as to not startle her. upon further inspection I find out that it's a quite plump syrian hamster! have no fuckin clue how it got here or where it came from. I live in a ventilated garage so it might have snuck in from outside which, even then, is still bizarre to me. someone might have let it go or lost it. ).: for now I have him in a fairly adequate container with bedding, food and water, along with a little log he can hide and sleep in. I would love to take him in and call him my own but he might be someone else's. plus, I have 9 other animals. other than sleep i really have no other options on what to do rn. so I might just wait it out until tomorrow.

Update: picture of the hammy on my profile!
.
Parents: please teach stuff to your kids
So I have these neighbors down the street who I’ve never spoken to in person, but I always see them out and about. They live close enough to me so I can see them out my window.

It’s a couple with three kids, and every evening, literally every evening, they go outside with their kids and play basketball in the driveway, or let their kids do jump rope, or play catch, or whatever else. I usually am cynical and think they’re being snooty, to make the people around them think a certain way of them. Last night, I looked out the window and there they were again.

However, when I looked outside again a few minutes later, it was just the dad and young son. They were playing basketball, and it seemed like they were pretty into it. They were both moving pretty fast, and the kid caught every pass, and just seemed confident with what he was doing.

I don’t know why, but this just totally painted them in a different light for me. What I now saw was a dad putting in time with his kid to teach them sports and social skills. This kid’s like 6, and he’s already on his way to having good coordination and being able to play basketball. I’m in my 20s and he was displaying coordination I don’t have myself.

Anyway, this just made me think of how important it is to spend time with your kids, teaching them valuable things. Not only does it give them a head start in developing motor skills, but it’ll boost their confidence in other areas of their life. Can anyone attest to this?
.
I think it just happened!
My wife and I have been trying for a child for a little while now we are both 27, she has been late this last week but the tests kept coming back negative. TODAY she took a test and it came back positive! I’m gonna be a father! I just wanted to tell someone!

Edit: thank you all so much for the love and encouragement you have shown me.

Edit: thank you for the gold stranger 😄
.
I’m just very angry tonight trying not to be.
Stress gets you sometimes and it comes out on the wrong things or people. Hate when it happens and try to stop it before it starts. But it didn’t work tonight. Drinking wine on the porch alone. Cheers to everyone else that had a rough day. 
.
I never really wanted to be a scientist.
This is something I was thinking of recently for whatever reason. I remember being a kid, all I wanted was to be a scientist. I was obsessed with it and I couldn't wait to have more science classes in school, and it was my dream to discover something awesome.

Looking back, I realize I never actually wanted to be a scientist. I just liked the idea of "kid science." Actual science involves balancing equations, writing papers, collecting data, counting random things under a microscope, etc. Looking back, what I thought was "science" was just random trivia, making things fizz in jars, and building rube Goldberg devices or things that made static electricity.

Just kind of a funny thought.
.
My brother in law just specifically asked for a hotel room near the gym so he wouldn't have to walk so far to get to the treadmill.
He's actually doing really good at losing weight, and I'm incredibly happy for him. But I'm not sure the irony of that request has occurred to him...
.
Life
I met a boy in a Pokemon chat room when I was 14. When we were 17 we started online dating. 12 years later we got married and he immigrated to Canada. Today marks our 4.5th anniversary :) We had to even live apart for a year until immigration was done.  Since marriage we bought a house and adopted a third cat. Things are perfect.
Life is fascinating how it plays out :)
.
Thank you older random man
I was just biking around town holding a construction works helmet in my hand. Needed to bring it to a friend. 

Some random old Guy at the side of the Road yelled I should wear the helmet. To please the man I did. 10 minutes later, my front wheel got stuck in a little hole in the pavement and I did a 1.5 Flip in the air and landed on the middle of my head first on the pavement and then got grazed by the rest of the concrete pavement. 

So now, yes I got grazed up, but I didn't have a severe head injury thanks to that random older man. Might he be my Guardian angel?
.
I finally got over 500 karma!
I've been on Reddit nearly a year and I comment on different posts and I check regularly what my karma is. This may be trivial, but this is just something I seem to care about. And I finally got over 500! Just wanted to share in my happiness :)

Edit: nearly 2 years, not 1. My bad.

Edit again: you guys got me over 600 now! Thank you! 

Third edit: you got me over 1k! I never expected this, but thank you guys so much! You're awesome. Keep on being amazing!
.
How I pass my time shopping with my girlfriend
We have come to an agreement that she gets to take me on shopping sprees on the condition that I get to fuck around and embarrass her for a laugh.  Today she went shopping for earrings for her mum's birthday which took practically forever,  so I passed the time discussing the magic stats of various pieces of jewellery with the clerk and shoppers. I was somewhat more amused than she but that's the goddamn deal.
.
My boyfriend thought "season to taste" meant season until you can taste it and I couldn't love him more.
We were cooking together and he said that the recipe didn't specify how much salt and pepper to use. It had just listed them in the ingredients. I told him it's based on how salty he likes the food and to season to taste.

He said that's not what he thought season to taste meant and that he would just salt it until you can barely taste the salt.

It kind of just made me realize how much we're learning from each other and that this is something he's trying to do learn for me even though he doesn't like to cook.


.
My 9/11 experience. Just need to tell someone.
I was 16. 

My dad traveled a lot when I was growing up. We rarely even knew where he was going because it was a weekly occurrence. 

I was watching at school and was pulled into the principals office some 45 minutes-hour into the event. They all seemed very empathetic and excessively caring towards me and for the life of me couldn’t figure out why. I was a bit of case so this was out of the ordinary for me. 

My mom showed up with both of my grandmas shortly thereafter and told me dad flew into NYC that morning and they weren’t able to get ahold of him. My grandpa (dads dad) had passed in March and 9/11 was his first birthday since passing; so understandably my grandmother was a wreck. 

It was as close to an out of body, movie scene, surreal experience as I’ve had...driving home with them wondering if this was it. It was so extreme and far-fetched it almost didn’t bother me. I tried cracking jokes and lightening the mood because I was so uncomfortable and didn’t want to think about it. They didn’t even correct me; I don’t think they even noticed. 

We watched at home for what felt like hours and hours but was probably only 45 minutes or so. Each phone ring; we crowded around my mom. Finally, dad called. He was ok. Only then did it hit me. The severity of the situation. 

I went outside with our dog and lost my mind. I learned to appreciate my dad in a way that’d I’ve never felt before. 

He somehow pulled off a rental car and took 4 people back to our house 4 states away that night, then let them take the car and carry on to their eventual destinations. 

A life changer for sure. Hug your dads.

Edit: This in no way is meant to belittle the experiences of those who were less fortunate than me that day. I cannot fathom their loss and shock. May you all have peace.
.
So I think reddit cured my depression...
I was depressed to the point which I didn't want to leave my room and I always had to throw a fake smile, till I found reddit as a great way to not only pass time but to have a true smile, I wondered around for a while checking all the sub-reddits for things I like and found new people to talk to. Probably the best choice I've made in my life. I've been talking to alot of people and even socialising with my friends again tellimg them about the things I find that made me happy. Thanks to all on this site for making me a better person and realizing there is happiness and life is what I make it.
.
So I just got a warning on my cell phone... The type of noise for an Amber Alert or Flash Flood... But it says "MISSILE INBOUND SEEK SHELTER THIS IS NOT A DRILL"
I just went to my car and checked a few radio stations, but none of them are even mentioning it. 

Nothing on the news... wth?

Did someone hack the alert system for hawaii and send out a bogus alert?

Edit: False alarm! :) Back to mellow Saturday morning. thx for sharing the news 
.
Anyone else that loves being up early?
So it’s the coziest morning ever. We have a guest over, a friend of my husband. He’s fast asleep. My husband is too. I’m up baking sourdough bread and swedish christmas buns with saffron (lussebullar). Everything is dead quiet, it’s pitch black outside. I just heard the neighbours icelandic horses whinnying, but the falling snow mutes all sounds. The time is 7:16 here and I feel like I’m the only one left alive  on earth. I might be a bit hungover, but just enough to make me calm. I’m gonna give those guys a wonderful breakfast. Maybe I’ll even churn some butter, as I used to work at a artisanal dairy. 

The kitchen smells wonderful and it will be at least an hour before anyone wakes up. This is my favourite part of the day.

Edit: Holy shit, this blew up. Super cool, and I love you all - I’ve gotten so many wonderful comments that I’ve smiled all day! I don’t even have time to reply to them all, please don’t take offense! I’d love to, but there simply isn’t enough time.
.
I love my husband AND his social anxiety.
Yesterday, my husband ended up at a drive through coffee shop after work. He was expecting the McDonalds set up with a posted menu and a speaker box, so when he pulled up and was face to face with a human, he panicked. The first thing he saw on the menu was called a "not too hot." His order went something like this...

"Uhh, Uhh, I'll get a not too hot."

"Do you have kids?"

"What?"

"Sir, that's a kid's hot chocolate. Are you ordering for a kid?"

"No. Uh Uh, can you make it big?"

"How big?"

"Medium."

And that's the story of how my husband ended up with a hot chocolate when he wanted coffee.
.
I Just Passed My Driving Test!
I’m so happy!!! 

I don’t know who to tell but this is the best I’ve felt in years!!!

Thanks to anyone who sees this, just wanted to share it :)

Edit - I’ll get around to all of your comments dw :)

Another edit - Thanks for all the comments guys, I didn’t realise so many people would be happy for a random stranger on the internet. Cheers for the messages, they were heartwarming and made me feel even better than I did before. All you taking your test soon, I’m sure you’ll pass and I have all the confidence in the world in you guys/gals. I’ll still try replying to comments but I’ll have to do it when I wake up. You guys are the best :)
.
I left my wallet with $454 cash in a Barnes and Noble bathroom today
I remember the exact amount as it was all of the money I had to my name. 

After a shockingly rapey turn of events last week (I did not know this, but if you're behind on debt to a state University, they can take every last cent from your bank (or in this case, credit union) account, I had no money left at all. They cleared me plum out in one fell swoop in the name of a "tax levy". It wasn't a great deal of money to most, perhaps, but to me that $1,440 was months of working hard and scrambling to put a bit away, in my case to get out of a really bad, verbally abusive house/relationship. 

Yes, it's totally my fault. But it was a hugely devestating reality to face as a person without a degree or much income, despite working my butt off. 

Anywho, feeling deeply betrayed by my credit union/college/the state/etc, and also fearful it may happen again, I cashed my last paychecks, feeling that at least the state government couldn't get my money if it was in my wallet. I have every intention of paying them back when I'm able, but I have more pressing bills to pay right now, I'd like to keep eating, etc. 

So, today I did something dumb. I left my wallet in a bathroom stall at Barnes and Noble, where I'd been with a disabled client I work with. 

I didn't realize until we were at Aldi, to use his meager $12 monthly food stamps to get something to make lunch with. Well....

I called B&N, someone had turned it in, and I drove back a nervous wreck to pickup my wallet at the resister, only to find Every. Single. Dollar. still in my wallet. All four hundred and fifty four of them! Ahhhh!

Immense gratitude abounded! I ended up buying my client a bunch of groceries, on me, and cooking him up 10 individually wrapped meals for the week. My tiny way of paying it back. 

Thank you kind, honest soul who turned in my wallet! Thank you kind, honest soul at the resister who left it be. 

Thank you, thank you, thank you universe! 

Feeling very grateful tonight!
.
I accidentally made a woman cry today [Update]
UPDATE: 

She came in for her appointment on Monday. I wasn't working, but I had an event around the same time, so I waited for her. When I saw her come in, I gave her my biggest "Well!?" face and she smiled at me kinda sadly and said "I haven't heard anything yet." It was heartbreaking. I was hoping for something good to happen to this girl and not getting a job you really gave your all for is such a discouraging feeling. I'm sure we've all been there. I did my best to reassure her that it's only been a few days and there's still time. You could tell that part of her had given up. She told me that she's really not qualified to do much else, but she started looking for other potential jobs. 

Yesterday, as I was leaving work, I'm walking through the parking lot when I hear a car honking relentlessly at me, scaring the poop into my scrubs. I look around and there's that girl. She gets out of her little car in the middle of the parking lot, engine running, door open, people looking and driving around her suddenly stopped car. 

She's screaming, "I GOT IT! I GOT IT! LOOK!" 

And I look. She puts her hands on her hips and poses in her new uniform. It was such a simple uniform, but she wore it with such pride. I hug her again as she's screaming excitedly and congratulate her and say "I wanna hear all the details, but you should probably move your car first." 


EDIT: Thank you, stranger, for the platinum! I've never had a medal before, but you certainly know how to make a pretty average girl feel like I'm doing something right. 

EDITx2: Thank you, second stranger, for the silver! I have the warmest feelings and the biggest dumb smile on my face because of you and everyone here! 
__________


ORIGINAL POST:

I work a second job as an RN in an OB-GYN clinic and a woman (late 20s) came in at 1:00pm for an appointment that was scheduled for 2:00pm. She was told that she was an hour early to her surprise as she thought her appointment was at 1:00. She politely said she would like to reschedule as she had a job interview at 2:15. 

No problem. She scheduled with the front desk while I made small talk and asked her what she had applied for. She responded with "Oh it's just a laundry attendant at an elderly home." I told her, it's not JUST a laundry attendant and she shouldn't sell herself short that she's doing a job that's JUST a laundry attendant. Honestly, nothing beats that feeling of getting into a nicely made warm bed that smells like fresh laundry. Plus there are 100 other things she could be doing instead of trying to make an honest dollar. 

She laughed and said "I'm just so nervous, I lost my uncle a couple days ago and I just really hope I get this job." At this point, she started to tear up, saying  it's been so hard for her and she's glad she got the appointment wrong and that she felt good having stopped in before her interview. 

Hugs were made and about 7 people cheered for her as she left. 

She has her appointment on Monday and I really hope she got it. 

.
Who else uses reddit because they feel lonely in real life?
The issue is that I *know* I’m not lonely. I have a wonderful girlfriend and a group of people I can call friends. sometimes it’s self inflicted sometimes I don’t want to talk to anyone. Anyone else have that? 
.
I wish I could thank my lunch lady from high school
In high school I had free lunch because of my family's financial situation. I always went through the same line with this really sweet lunch lady. I would hide an extra cream cheese or milk underneath my plates or trays. One day I went to buy an apple, separate from my free lunch. I pulled out my change and she quickly told me to just take it without paying. 

At that point I realized that she had known the whole time. I hope that somehow she just might know how much that meant to me and how thankful I am.
.
When I was a kid I just assumed that the police, fire department, and hospital were all free city amenities to keep people safe and healthy. I was shocked in 6th grade to learn that people are going bankrupt from not being able to pay their hospital bill.
It just seemed so obvious to me as a child that these should be taken care of by the government and you shouldn't have to worry about paying a bill if you need to call 911.
.
Why I stay silent on reddit
I feel I should speak my mind on this subject. I rarely comment on any post or make post on anything. There is a reason behind. Its mainly due to the following.

1. No matter what I say, everyone will disagree with me. I could be as in depth as I want, everyone will still disagree with me. This is mainly on gaming subreddits.

2. Every joke is taken. I end up not saying anything because of it. Again, mainly on gaming subreddits.

3. My post and comments will end up getting buried by everything else.

4. Someone else could make a post on a subject and everyone agrees with them, but when I do the exact same thing, all of a sudden, everyone disagrees with me. Ties in with reason 1.

I don't know, what do you all think on this?

Edit 1: Something something I am on front page. Seriously, I didn't expect this post to get here. I just wanted to speak my mind and look where it got me

Edit 2: My first gold! Thanks kind stranger!

Edit 3: ANOTHER GOLD! THANKS STRANGER! The responses are overwhelming guys! Thank you! <3
.
A random professor told me to move to a less solitary spot while waiting for my mom, as a precaution. I thought it was nice --, and almost cried.
I was waiting for my mom outside of a building in my university that's near the parking lot, and I was sitting on some steps, off to the side, behind a wall. I notice this professor leaving, going to his car, then a few moments later I hear him ask me who I'm waiting for. 

"My mom" 

"Maybe you should go inside the building, it's really lonely out here. It's best to be safe."

"Okay, thank you" 

"Maybe sit on the front steps if you want, where others could see you"

"Okay" 

And I almost cried. I felt kind of embarrassed and overwhelmed, but also touched, a little. That was such a nice thing, I think. To sort of suggest I go somewhere "safer" because it was lonely outside. He didn't have to do that, or say anything, or care at all. Even if he didn't care at all, the fact that he said that was really nice. It's probably a little weird to think that's nice or feel like crying because of that, but I don't know, he didn't have to say anything to the random girl he doesn't know. But he did, and I thought that was really nice of him. 
.
My coworkers just bought me Enchroma Colorblind glasses to help me see
This is pretty crazy. Last week, my manager said we had an employee meeting, for today at 3:00. I got there a bit late because I forgot about it, and I went inside. They had me work for a bit, then the general manager led me outside saying “look at these new sun glasses I bought. Try them on outside. 

I put them on as I got outside, and they all surprised me with balloons, crayons (lol), and they all pitched in to buy these glasses (which cost several hundred dollars). 

I appreciate them. That was one of the nicest things anyone’s ever done for me. I feel weird accepting things, but I’m not letting that bother me. 

I just feel different. I love them all. I didn’t know what sub to post this to, and I wanted to write this out. Have a blessed day guys. 
.
My penpal ghosted me after a year of daily conversations
I met an online friend from an app and basically we talked everyday. He is one of the nicest person I have ever met but we are located far far away from each other so there is no chance of us meeting up lol. We talk about everything almost everyday.

So recently he got a girlfriend and things change. Eventually he ghosted on me and it's just feel kinda sad lol. I mean everything is definitely platonic but I do miss this friendship a lot. Well no hard feelings but I do wish him all the best in his life. 

Feels like a nice closure to be talking about this here.

Edit: I never expected this to blow up! Really appreciative of the DMs and comments, I am sorry as replies will be slow as I am busy atm (definitely not going to ghost) 

You guys reminded me of how wonderful the online community can be. 
.
I may never have a top post, but I love getting comments from people on my posts
We would all probably like to get a post to the top or be given Reddit gold from a kind stranger, but I realize how unlikely that could be for me. That being said. I get so much enjoyment from the few comments I do receive on a post, regardless of it's popularity. You guys are awesome!

Edit: Thanks for my first gold! I never expected this post to blow up like it has. Thank you all for keeping me company this Saturday!
.
I am from a very poor, rural area. Neither of my parents graduated from high school. At 25 years old, I have now returned to college. I know I can do this.
My entire family history is marked by poverty. My parents grew up Appalachia poor. My mother was raised in the mountains with no running water and very rarely had electricity. Her family ate only what they could hunt or grow. My father was slightly better off, but his father died young, and he had to start working and hunting and fishing to feed them. While my mother later got a GED, my father had some kind of learning disability that made reading and writing difficult. He never went back for any kind of diploma. To this day, I cherish all of his notes from my childhood. Each one was handwritten in large, all capital letters, carefully spaced and spelled. "I love you, pumpkin!" "You are beautiful!"

I never knew my grandparents. Like many of the people in these areas, they lived hard lives, and died young. 

My parents worked hard to provide a good life for us. We lived almost middle class. We rented for most of my childhood, but we were renting a large house with a yard. We had a dog. Dad hunted to feed us still, but it was supplemental, not a necessity. One of my brothers managed to go to a community college, and then a university. 

I have a good job. Both my husband and I are making 20+ dollars an hour, and in a rural area like this that supplies a good life. The work is physically damaging, however. We are in warehouses, throwing 80, 100, 150lb freight, and we have to be fast. We have to drag and pull and push it, because there's no time for help lifting. My back hurts everyday. My arms, my legs, I'm covered in hard muscle, but everyday is exhausting. I'm 118lbs. I can not do this forever. I have 40 year old co-workers that are about to tap out. They just can't do it anymore. My husband has lost hearing from the loud buzzers in his area, but is heavily discouraged from using ear plugs.

I am back in college now, and after my first two years I will be at a university. I tried when I was 18, but I was living on my own and recovering from a brain injury. I couldn't do it then, but I am doing it now. I am intelligent. I will drag my family out of this hell hole. I know I can do this. I can not fail. I just wanted to tell someone else, anyone else. So, I'm telling you guys. I'm telling all of you that I have this. 

My kid is going to have a good life.

Edit: I woke up today to see my phone lit up with still more amazing responses. I can't believe how nice all of you have been. I am still working my way through the comments, but just know that I am reading them, every one. I really appreciate all of the friendly, sincere advice you guys have been leaving, and all of the heartfelt encouragement. I am just so touched by your kindness. Thank you so much, you people are incredible. 
.
Parents are away for 7 weeks and I’ve killed 6 of my dad’s fish. I feel sick.
My parents left for Europe like two weeks ago and my dad left me to care for his fish/plants. So I recently got my drivers license and so I finish closing at work and I’m on a high from just driving, I walk the stairs and go to feed to fish.

I turn on the lights. Two fish are just floating dead. My heart just stopped and so I scoop them out and I investigate further and four more fish are dead and another one is swimming around the top of the water. 

So I sent emails to my dad and so he tells me to do a pH test and it’s 6.0 (should be around 7). So here these fish are swimming in acidic water while I’m having the time of my life. 

I called my brother. He just laughed and said he didn’t know what to do but he has a fish tank. 0.o

So long story short I put baking soda into the tank and the fish have perked up or at least the fish that are still alive. I may have over fed the fish or something happened with the last water change that I didn’t do.

What’s a time you got entrusted with something and you completely cocked it up? Also it’s 10:30 at night so I’m dreading to wake up tomorrow and see all the fish dead.


tl;dr dad left me to care for fish and a bunch died. I feel like I’ve died on the inside.


Update 1: I set alarms throughout the night and I’m sleeping upstairs in the lounge room where the aquarium is. The fish that were left have definitely perked up and they’re moving a bit more. There were two I was really concerned about but they seem okay for now. Next step is just to turn the pump back on later today and feed them not as often. Thanks for all your help guys! Whether it be joking around or just talking I appreciate it :) Nearly 1am and I woke up sweating so I’m gonna be super tiered later but I’d rather be tired knowing I’ve done everything I can.

Update 2: Woke up and found one dead, he looked like he was going to before I went to bed. I then prepped the water change and I went to church. Rushed back after it was over and found 2 more dead. BUT! There’s hope. I changed the water, it was filthy and the filters were filthier. They’re now in a nice pH level and in clean water. I’ve got the pump on giving them some air (I think that’s what it does) and they definitely look better. One however looks a bit funny. Will tell my sister to look over it while I leave for work. Total body count is 11 I think. 4 remain. I’ve already told my dad I’ll replace the ones he wants and I’ll give him some extra money to splurge on a more expensive fish if he wants. I’m super tired but feeling better. Thanks everyone for hanging around and sharing stories/advice! God bless!

- accidental fish genocide guy.
.
I wish gay characters were written with more personality than just "I'm the gay character"
Started watching Riverdale with my best friend and watching the gay character feels like having to suffer through nails on a chalkboard. Why are gay characters always written where every on-screen appearance always includes some kind of gay reference or joke about closets, "straight people", etc even in 2017? The Gay Best Friend character in media just bugs me so much. 
.
Living on your own is the best: dancing around with no pants on to music at 12.45am is so freeing
I have to get up for work in less than 6 hours and I'm totally going to die of exhaustion tomorrow but it's so good to let loose sometimes! Even listening to guilty pleasure/trashy pop songs makes it even better.

Sometimes the little things give us great joy ❤ I hope you guys are having a good day!
.
Today my marriage is old enough to drink. I love her so much.
We had an incident the other day where water leaked in our attic and the ceiling in our dining room collapsed.

  
I had dozed off in the next room watching television. The crash sounded like a car had hit the house. I woke up disoriented and scared and all I could think about was how I needed to be with my wife.
.
I went to a gay bar and really gained some empathy for women as far as what they experience at bars.
2 weeks ago I went to LA and we parked our car and crushed a 6 pack on the beach in Venice and saw all the craziness go down there, then got in an uber and told the guy to take us to somewhere with a bunch of women. The driver, an Italian guy in his 40's, starts recounting how much ass he used to pull (his words) in West Hollywood and how we should go to West Hollywood and don't worry that it's going to be mostly gay people, they don't bite, and that so many women go out there. We decided to go for it and he advised us to go to the Abby.

We went and I immediately noticed the go-go dancers, a bunch of lean, muscular, thong clad men dancing on platforms. I've been to numerous bars with scantily clad female go-go dancers and never thought anything of it, but I bet that for some women that can be terribly intimidating or indicating of an objectifying environment, was an interesting thought. My buddy and I grabbed drinks and surveyed the scene, there were indeed some women and A LOT of well groomed, well dressed, guys walking around, if I hadn't known it was a gay bar I would have thought "wow there's a lot of competition here." I also noticed a lot of people returning my gaze looking around.

Then my friend went to the bathroom, leaving me alone. It was like a feeding frenzy. Guys were COMPETING for the opportunity to buy me a drink, hitting me with pick up lines, walking up like "I love you.", having conversations that went like this "hi" "hi" "where you from?" "san diego" "oh take my number, if you need a place to crash just hit me up." it was NUTS.

I tried to talk all suitors out of buying me a drink because I knew what they were after and they wouldn't be happy with the result as I was straight and came there to meet women, that deterred 0%. I finally asked one of these guys why he wanted to buy me a drink and he said "because I can" so I said "OK" so he asked me what I was drinking and I said anything, he said no what are you drinking so I said whiskey soda, he said what kind of whiskey and I said "well" to which he said "please" and ordered Makers Mark. 

So then I'm talking to these guys and other guys keep coming up trying to talk to me and the guys I was talking to got all snoody like "Don't talk to those losers." One such guy would not go away or stop being too forward, and not in a fun way, so I instinctively told him that my friend, who had come back and was also down to jump on the free drinks train for a while, was my husband (which I have had multiple girls do to me with people who were obviously just friends of theirs at times when I've not taken a hint) so then this dude starts sheepishly grabbing at my ass when he perceived my friend as not looking. 

Wound up making it out in one piece and going to some after hours spot with these Russian girls we met there. (which is it's own crazy story, I cannot believe LA has legit establishments that you can smoke weed and do cocaine openly INSIDE at). Due to the novelty it was a good, funny experience, but I totally get why women go to gay bars now. I could see having a hoard of thirsty dudes trying to bang you as fast as they possibly can getting old pretty fast.

**Edit: Regrettably a good amount of the comments on this post are a fiery-worded debate about the morality of straight people going to gay bars. I even got sucked into it there for a bit. I'd like to remind everyone that this is /r/casualconversation. I'd like to acknowledge the point of view of these gay people, I was unaware that some (and it sounds like many) gay people do not appreciate straight people coming to gay bars. I lived in a small town in the Pacific NW for a year that I could definitely see 2 guys making out or dancing at a bar leading to an otherwise unprovoked physical altercation, this was in a very blue state, I'm sure there are places like this in almost all states. I understand the overwhelmingly strong desire to have places where you can let loose like any person wants to and feel safe doing so.**

**I may strongly dislike being told it is morally wrong of me to go to a place due to my sexuality (this is actually my first experience with that) but I have no interest in debating my righteousness in going to a gay bar, if it wasn't clear from my post, this is not my routine and there is no threat of this becoming my routine. I learned something today and it sounds like a lot of other redditors who are getting fired up were unaware of this too. Let's play nice. It was a funny night out and stuff that happened to me happens to women at bars all the time, that's all I meant by the post.**
.
Every time I hear about a really successful person I compare their age to mine to see "if I still have time".
And unsurprisingly, each year the stories that give me comfort are becoming rarer.
.
A southern coworker is trying to explain to the office that recycling is bad.
One of my coworkers, a super nice older woman just told me that recycling is "unhealthy for the earth." 

In her words, "If you think about it, what's holding the earth together? If we stop using plastic and stuff the earth will probably not have anything to hold itself together. I think we should use more plastic straws."

This was 100% genuine. She proceeded to tell me that it is all the trash that we make and dump in land fills that keeps the planet stuck together and floating.

Sometimes living in the south is hard. :/

.
That one hour in the morning with your coffee and laptop while everyone else is still asleep.
Anyone else?  Esp now in the fall when its still dark outside.  I get up, feed the cat, light a fire in the fireplace, make a Latte and whip out the Reddit.  After she eats, the cat will usually curl up next to me. 

It is my favorite time of the day.  

After the kids get up its a whirlwind of getting them ready, getting me ready, and everyone out the door, so now I'm waking up extra early just to get that time. 

Anyone else savour this time of the day??

eta: Good morning! here i am again, reading responses in the early morn!  I loved this one in particular:

https://www.reddit.com/r/CasualConversation/comments/7aalln/that_one_hour_in_the_morning_with_your_coffee_and/dp8n7yp/

"Makes me feel like I own the day. If I start out rushing to leave, the day owns me."
.
Been redditing for a little while now - I just have to say I love the odd juxtaposition of total immaturity and grownup stuff.
Heavy emotional content by someone with the username ballsucker69... financial advice from peedinyourcheerios99

Just wanted to say I enjoy this

.
I just got back my grades and I got an A for a subject I thought I was going to fail!
:D

I really thought I was gonna get a C+ at best, and was bracing myself for a D-, but I got an A and right now I'm just so happy and amazed. I actually shouted in excitement when I saw the letter A, and my sister told me to shut up because she's a cranky old wet blanket so I'm going to tell this to everyone who can be happy with me. 
.
I am in so much pain and it makes me happy
My whole life I've been fat, but I have only recently come to the realisation that I am fat AND extremely unfit. I'm only 18 years old and yet I get puffed out at the smallest tasks, have chest pains and am already shopping in the plus size sections.

I did something good though. I enrolled in a fitness program and bought the right kind of food to begin changing my diet. I don't think I've exercised in roughly 1 and 1/2 years. My lifestyle did not require me to do much physical activity and I never did it on my own. In the first class I had we started off with some stretching which included lunges, and boy let me tell you I had basically forgotten I had muscles right up until I took that first lunge. It stretched like it had never stretched before. Today was my second training session and my thighs and arms are extremely sore. Like it-hurts-to-exist kinda sore.

I'm in pain but it makes me feel good. It reminds me that I'm finally doing something about myself. I've been unhappy with my body my whole life, and I knew deep down I'm the only one that can change that but I always had my doubts, fears and excuses that prolonged it. I feel like the pain is my bodys way of saying 'Thank you, it'll get better'. It hurts but in a good way.

P.S. I find it amazing how to my beloved family I just tell them yeah I'm sore from training but to a bunch of strangers on the internet I pour my emotions out lmao
.
English is not my first language and I just learned that porcupines and concubines are, in fact, not the same thing.
I also thought hiatus was a state of America. And I used to pronounce comfortable like comfort-table until I was 13. 
Yeah. 
What are some misconceptions about the English language you had, native speaker or not? 

Edit: since this post is getting quite a bit of attention I thought I'd list some more examples of my stupidity because I was a damn interesting kid. 

• You know that bit in Alejandro by Lady Gaga that goes "hot like Mexico, rejoice"? I thought "Mexico rejoice" was a hot sauce that Lady Gaga was comparing this Alejandro guy to, because he was just so hot. 
• I mentioned this in the comments too, but I used to pronounce British like "Braytish". 
• I thought fetish was another word for admiration. I may or may not have used that word in that context. 
• I thought plethora was some sort of plant.

Edit 2: My most upvoted post is one where I talk openly about being stupid and make my country sound like Voldemort's safe haven. Wow. 

Edit 3: WHAT THE FUCK, I GOT GOLD????? Can I eat it? 
.
How do I ask someone their name when they already know me by name.
There is this dad at my daughter’s school whom I’ve met several times.

The first time we met, we introduced ourselves and since then we've talked with each other several times.

The problem is that I never remembered his name, yet he remembered mine.

He always verbalized my name every time we met, but unfortunately I could not do the same so I got stuck with the generic “Man”.

Any time we met, I said: “What’s going on, Man? How are you? Good to see you.”

At one point it became awkward so I decided to ask his name, but I didn't want to say, “Sorry, I forgot your name” because that would have implied that I never knew it all along, so I decided to go with a different approach.

The next time I talked with him at my daughter’s school, midway through I looked at him and said:

“You know, my wife and I have been discussing about how to pronounce your name properly. We just don’t seem to agree and I don’t like to mispronounce anybody’s name. Can you pronounce it for me exactly as your mom pronounces your name?”

The guy looks at me with eyes wide open and says:

“Joe”

It's probably better to just say that you forgot.
.
Today, I am presenting as a woman for the first time in my life.
I'm a trans woman, and I am finally being myself starting today. I've waited my whole life for this, and it's pretty nerve-racking, in a good way.

Edit: holy cow this blew up! =) Thank you for the kind words and encouragement, everyone. Thank you for gilding my post! And thank you for cleaning up the thread, mods!

Today is a ~~good~~ *great* day!

---
**Update**: My day was awesome! I've found peace after so many years...

Thank you all so much for the positivity. I'm humbled by how many of you are so wholesome and accepting. You move me to tears. I am not lying when I say I couldn't have done this without the strength and courage that everyone who supports me gave me, including all of you. Thank you.
.
Today, age 20, I saw a healthy weight on the scale for the first time in my entire life. Need somewhere to brag :)
**TL;DR** was fatass, now a nominally healthy less-fatass. motivational circlejerk at the bottom

I was overweight/obese for as long as I can remember. I was teased as far back as 1st grade and I remember feeling ashamed of shopping in the husky section for clothes (which, now that I think about it, is a shitty name to subject fat kids to). I always tried fad diets but never lost more than 5lbs. per attempt.

Age 15, I was 215lbs, the highest I've been, and considered obese at my height. I had to train for 1 year for my black belt which involved a shitload of cardio. I had just gotten into reddit and found out about /r/keto and /r/ketorecipes. I was desperate so I tried it, and I wound up coming down to 165 in that year. That was still overweight but I was able to keep up with all the other trainees.

For the next 3 years I periodically tried more keto but couldn't find the motivation to stick with it now that I wasn't training for my black belt. So I stayed overweight. This semester, I dragged a friend, also looking to lose weight, into it with me and I guess that's all the motivation we needed. We've run a mile and biked 3-4, 3x a week for the past 2 months and stuck fast to the diet. Coincidentally, he's also lost 25lbs and feels amazing.

Today we went to the gym, I weighed myself, and I turned out to be 145, the exact weight where overweight stops and healthy starts according to BMI for my height. Like I said, I have no recollection of this ever happening in my life. This is a new, exciting thing for me. I still have some fat to burn off but just the  idea of being healthy for once is amazing.

The funniest thing about all this, for me, is that I'm short and have barely grown at all since my early teens. And I was already overweight back then. So I'm pretty sure I weigh less now than I did at age 12.

Sorry for the rant, I'm just excited. I never would have thought this would be possible, but here I am. Thanks for reading, if you have indeed read this all. If anybody is trying to lose weight, please remember that it's hard but definitely possible. And if anybody needs help, motivation, or advice with their own weight loss, please feel free to ask via comment or PM. Of course, there's /r/keto and /r/ketorecipes as well.
.
Today I started doing things regardless if my friends or significant others want to participate
I have always been an outgoing person but over the years I noticed that I was being influenced by my surroundings and I was starting to become an antisocial homebody. Nowadays people find any possible excuse to stay inside and do nothing. I would even offer to pay for my friends/significant other and their things and yet everyone around me seem to be into the “couch potato lifestyle “, even my now fiancé. So today I took the courage and finally purchased a ticket for a concert I’ve been looking forward to go and I’m going all by myself and I feel great.

Don’t let the fear of doing an activity by yourself  stop you from doing those things and enjoying life :)

Edit: thank you for all your stories and feedback everyone, I also just sign up for moviepass so I can go to the movies multiple times a month by myself since my significant others is not a movie-goer
.
It's just marriage now, everyone.
Few hours ago, in the United States, [gay marriage was legalized nationwide](http://www.cnn.com/2015/06/26/politics/supreme-court-same-sex-marriage-ruling/).

I've been having a string of bad days, but this is nice...

Actually smiled this morning. What about all of you?

***

>Edit: Being gilded for this; Reddit's servers are happier.

>**[President Barack Obama's full speech](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b715GKJNWXA).**

***

>**/u/turkeysock's, and /u/MorningredTimeTravel's upquote was ["Thanks, Obama"](http://i.imgur.com/o3egucL.png).**

>**/u/tizorres' upquote is also [totally on par](http://i.imgur.com/jwwZxxy.gif).**

>###Oh, wow — [I'm never taking off my rainbow flair](http://i.imgur.com/ojqAFJv.jpg)!



.
Under 200 pounds today for the first time in TWENTY YEARS!
Omg! What a struggle this has been! After a TWO MONTH stall of not losing one damn pound last month i started losing again. And today AFTER A LIFETIME OF BEING OBESE I am finally under 200 pounds! I am so happy I could cry!
.
My boss told me today that I’m in the top 10 best bartenders he’s ever worked with today.
It was really out of the blue.

When I work, often times we can cut all the other servers and bartenders off my shift. In my state, the servers and bartenders make minimum wage ($12) plus their tips. I stopped bartending for a year to work phone sales then car sales, so I can really sell the hell out of my tables on product, while maximizing a ton of tables at once. My trick is I give them the bare minimum information with charisma. 

I don’t tell people my name unless they ask, I really don’t talk at all unless they talk to me. Stay quiet, bust my rear, make as many drinks and run as much food as possible.

I’m making about 60k a year right now workin 35 hr weeks m-f bartending at some local restaurant in my city.

Feels pretty good. 

And it’s the slow month! 
.
I cut out all of the toxic people from my life. Now I am alone. Not sure if I should be happy or sad.
Not sure if this is the right place for this so if not feel free to direct me to the right place. 

I'm happy because I have less stress in my life, but at the same time I miss these people I cut out to a certain degree. I mean some of them are part of my family so it wasn't an easy decision to make. It just sucks and I hope I made the right choice. 

Any one else ever go through something similar? 
.
I currently have a $0 balance on 2 of my credit cards and it feels like such a relief!!
My fiancé and I are six months away from our wedding and between wedding expenses and everyday bills we’re making ends meet and have decent savings, but I feel like I’m drowning. We always owe someone money, and we’re putting everything on credit cards to get the points (we pay it off every month so we don’t get whacked with interest) but they never have a $0 balance because as soon as we pay the card off someone else needs money. Money isn’t an argument with us because we’re not spending frivolously, we haven’t gone out to eat in over a month and we barely spend outside of necessities (I’m marrying someone almost as cheap as me! 😂) but it still stresses me out. Right now two out of three of my cards have a $0 balance!!! I know it won’t last long but it feels like I’m out of the hole for the moment, you know?
.
Trader Joe’s changed the sound that their credit card reader make.
Until Thanksgiving the card reader will gobble at you when your credit card is approved. 

It gave me a chuckle and the crew member said that it never fails to make even the grumpiest person smile. 

I like Trader Joe’s. 
.
Do certain smells ever bring back memories?
And what are those memories?

&#x200B;

Even in my 40s, whenever I smell someone light a cigarette of a certain brand (unknown exactly what brand), when I smell that first puff of smoke, a memory of my grandmother comes back, very vividly.

Smoking in the home was much more common in the late 70s/early 80s, and nobody thought much of smoking in front of family members.   My grandma was a heavy smoker, and she favored one particular brand.

Ever since my childhood, whenever someone lights a cigarette near me, and if it's that one brand, a get a sudden memory of my grandma near the back of the kitchen area, and me sitting on a yellow bench hanging out with her.  I had to be around 10 or so.  The A/C was usually on cold, the TV was on loud, and the room was loud and echoey.

I asked my cousin about this once and he vividly remembers the same thing.

Years later, after my grandma died, I ended up inheriting the yellow bench and a chair from the kitchen, and they're in my house today.

&#x200B;

Who else can recall vivid memories just from smelling something?
.
I’m on day 4 of quitting smoking!
Just want to tell more people to keep me accountable. Been cutting down and wanting to quit for a while, it seems to be going well so far. Haven’t really had any cravings yet which might be because I actually want to quit. Thanks for listening. 

Edit: it’s been over a week and I’m going great! No cravings at all now! Thanks for everyone’s support and good luck to all the other people of here that are quitting as well!
.
I'm 38 years old and starting my first day of school for Nursing today. Been a stay-at-home mom all my life up until this point, but an impending divorce is causing me to embark on a career to eventually support myself. I'm excited and scared out of my wits - wish me luck Reddit!
I always wanted to be a mom, my career was secondary so I never had a full-time job.  Now, my life is changing and I'm moderately petrified.  Give me advice, share your kick-assed stories of success and give me the confidence I need to get through these next two years!

Edit: I am overwhelmed with your stories and words of encouragement!  Do me a favour, call your moms - you're all obviously proud of what they did, so tell them as well.  If they were half as scared as I was then their hard work and dedication should be acknowledged! 

BTW, my first day wasn't all that bad!  I'll check back in 2 years and we can celebrate my graduation!
.
Not sure if this is allowed but, I'm 5 years self harm free today!!
I've had depression for about ten years, self harmed for 5 years and am now finally 5 years self harm free! I can't believe it!! I've had points where every day felt like a struggle I'd never overcome and other months where I've not even thought about it! Sorry if this kind of post isn't allowed but I'm so proud of myself right now and just wanted to share!

Edit: Also am happy to answer questions, give advice etc. :) If you're having a tough day (I know Christmas is often shit for me because of this wonderfully un-festive anniversary) then make sure you talk to someone!

Edit 2: I've tried responding to as many of you as possible, thankyou so much for your love and support and for popping my gold cherry! A lot of people are asking how I did it: I set myself goals, so if I could manage a week, I'd aim for two weeks, because if I'd already done a week then I could do it again, right? And each year I focus on reaching the year so I can celebrate it. For my five years I treated myself to a [commemorative tattoo](https://imgur.com/UeXRUvX) which I've been focusing on since this time last year. 
.
Whenever someone answers to one of my post, I immediately upvote their comments.
I seem to be one of the rare people that does this. I just love when people interact with me on reddit and thus they deserve an upvote.
.
I am an agnostic atheist and I hate it when atheists ridicule religious people
**EDIT** - oh my. My inbox just exploded

__________________________________________________________

I am an atheist *(well I am not really sure yet but I am probably an agnostic atheist)* and I can fully understand the mentality behind religion

I am sort of in a love-hate relationship with religion

I can understand its purposes, mostly in terms of giving hope to people or at least it helps them to make sense of the world around them, especially to those who are unfortunate.

It may a false sense of hope and belief but it makes sense to them *(like example, a soldier prays to God, that slight sense of hope may affect his psychosomatic response in battle and may actually increase his chance of making it out alive)*

I will admit that I do not like it when religion takes over, namely the extremist kind like for example, fundamentalists, those who prefer prayer over modern medicine, those who wish to spread their beliefs by force, when religion is mixed with the legal system, when people judge others based on their beliefs and so on.

However .....

I am also **VERY, VERY** annoyed when atheists love to bully those who are religious, namely because of the increased interest in science and logical thought.

I am supporter of science and I fully acknowledge its purposes but I do not want to use my knowledge of science so far *(because even science goes through changes as times goes on)* to humiliate those who are ignorant *(as in, the uneducated)*

That is why I do not like the science icons that are on the media like Bill Nye, Neil Degrasse Tyson and Richard Dawkins.

I admire their intent to spread science and logical reasoning but I absolutely despise how they make religious people act like idiots *(and I mean religious people in general, not to those who are fundamentalists)*

*(and I mean especially Richard Dawkins. He is known as one of the four horsemen of Neo-Atheism for a reason)*
.
After 13 years, I no longer have a dog, but I'm left with endless happy memories. He was the most ridiculous animal imaginable.
I just wanted to share some of the sillier and more wonderful things about my dog because I won't get many opportunities to discuss Frodo very often any more. 

He was a little Maltese-poodle (more poodle). He hated water. I don't think he ever entered water on purpose. However, he was attached (to a disturbing extent) to my mom. When she would kayak out onto the lake, Frodo would run whining out onto the dock to be that tiny bit closer. The only time he ever got close to entering the water by choice was then she brought her kayak closer and he decided that jumping from from the dock to her kayak was a great idea. That didn't work out. Frodo was not a dog built for water.

He did, however, love snow. My mom sewed him a lovely little snow suit, including pants and all. Looked a bit like a dog space suit. Anyhow, even if there was only a few centimeters of snow he would drop his from legs, put the side of his face against the ground, and run full speed with his back legs so his face would plough snow. He would also jump into excessively deep snow and immediately get disoriented and go in the wrong direction. Even when hiking in the hottest months in the North Cascades, he would without fail always find that little bit of snow leftover in the shade under a tree to do this face running thing. 

My favourite memory comes from when he was only a year in my family, and a family friend sent us a "Duckworth." Bloody brilliant toys, at least, if you asked Frodo they were. I've never seen him do this with any other toy: he took the duck in his mouth, laid on his back, legs splayed, and laid motionless for probably fifteen minutes straight growling at the duck wedged in his mouth.

He also laid on top of the couch back like a cat, could jump to any height if a hamburger was involved, did burnouts on the linoleum (while squealing quite loudly), and would stick his nose as far down the car air vent as possible when we were on road trips. 

What a wacky dog. Share your happy memories. Pets are so precious, and they build so many lovely feelings over the years. This is about the happy memories :) 

**Edit:** I have been informed that Frodo is now making heaven a magical and happy place with his weirdness. The last I saw of him was through facetime with his head nestled on my dad's lap, and when I said his name his ears perked up. I sadly couldn't be with him but as mentioned, this is about the happy memories. What a lovely little creature. Read on if you want some funny stories about pets, I'm not the only one here sharing some laughs. 

**Edit 2:** I'm very happy that this post in dedication to the happiness our little friends bring us has managed to break 100 upvotes. Love for everyone :) 

**Edit 3: [Here's a photo of my little friend while hiking in the subalpine of the North Cascades.](https://i.imgur.com/YfUqcZi.jpg)** My mother designed and sewed him that snow suit. The picture sums up his essence: a reborn Arctic explorer.
.
SO and I have been talking about our future and I’ve had a warm fuzzy feeling ever since
We’re at almost a year together and our relationship has hit a new level that I didn’t think was possible. He has his flaws but has been actively working on them and our relationship. The other day we started talking about marriage and our future wedding. 

We’re not quite there yet but I believe this is the guy I’m going to marry and I’ve been on a high since.

We’re nearing our 30s age wise
.
Forty five years later
When I was 15 years old, I met my first love. You remember your first love? All the nerves, the stomach butterflies, they are all you can think of morning, noon and night?
A few months ago we found each other on FB. We discovered that all these years later, and mulitiple moves, we only live a few hours apart.

Today, 45 years later, we are meeting again.

This is going to be so cool! I'm waiting for him now and I can't wait!

UPDATE:  It went so beautifully! Giving him a hug, we fit together perfectly,just like old times!  Just being with him was so perfect, so calming (he's always was very mellow). We went to dinner, we visited, he spent the night...but no, not together haha.  Today we went had breakfast, went for a drive.

To answer, yes we are both single. It was not a date, it was a meeting of old used-to-be lovers. We were each others "first".

Will we see each other again...yes, we are planning on it!  You never know!  As my daughter said: "Wouldn't it be cool if your first love was to be your last love also?"
.
My Facebook keeps showing me wildly irrelevant stuff to the point where I have basically stopped using it since past 2 years.
I know the whole 'its a way to be connected to the people you know' thing but my Facebook feed is full of these weird ads and  'viral' videos that I just don't care about. 

For example - I'd be scrolling through my friends' updates and suddenly there will be a video showing a 'lucky people' compilation or a food recipie or someone doing nail-art etc. 

It ultimately started getting in the way of everything. I couldn't keep clicking 'don't show me posts from this page/person' for every such incident so ultimately I gave up. I barely use it now. Mainly I just use the messenger app. 

I had my Facebook phase but it's long over. I just feel like closing the account but I can't because I have to use the messenger app. Facebook doesn't have a simple way of solving this issue either. I have to either individually unfollow every page/person or just bear with it. 

Thank you for reading my post. 

Edit 1 - Just wanted to say thank you to everyone for their comments. :)  

Edit 2 - To highlight what many people have commented - FB profile can be deactivated and Messenger app will keep working. 
.
I got a heart on my starbucks cup
This made my day and has helped the coffee put me in the mood to work.


Usually I get smiley faces, I put that down to being polite and not a headwreck to the staff. That's no problem, I've read that the baristas put smiley faces on the cups of nice people so that's no big deal. The starbucks is besides my work so every day I'm working I go in. A couple of staff know me by now and know my order, they're lovely people with some great customer care. I always get a smiley face on my cup from them. 


But today there was a heart on mine. Not just a smiley face but also a heart. I'm like awh thanks and have been smiling since.


It's the little nice things that make a difference, people!
.
My year: quit benzodiazepines/opiates, confronted my mental health through weekly therapy and psychiatry appointments, weekly mindfulness and meditation classes, and dieting from 260lb to 215lb. Today I was accepted at a great university after being on a medical leave of absence for several years.
I know the title is wordy but it makes me so proud to see all of those accomplishments in one sentence... anyway, I was arrested for drug trafficking on my 21st birthday last year and that day I decided to change my life before it was too late. I also had several occasions where my parents found me barely breathing/ unconscious and thought I was dead they said they were pounding on my chest crying. This is what mainly led to me making a change but the arrest was the defined tipping point.  My lawyer(bless him) got the trafficking charge reduced to a disorderly conduct with the condition that it would be expunged from my record if I have no trouble with the police for a year. That time came and went with no trouble because I’m not hanging around sketchy individuals, so that’s off of my record, which allowed me to apply to schools. It’s amazing for me to reflect on this year, I am overcome with emotion and I plan to sustain this lifestyle for the rest of my life. I will never stop striving to better myself and learn more.  I wanted to post this on my birthday, May 5th but I have a hard time talking about myself so I’ve put it off until now. I figured why not, maybe somebody is just starting their journey and could use a little encouragement. I love my life and I’m very happy to be alive and in a good place. 

How are you?? I want to hear 
.
Met my primary school bully today
Apparently he lives in Denmark now. He did a complete 180 - really nice, seemed genuinely sorry for stuff he did back then. Also he's now a physics teacher, which is weird because I remember his physics being absolutely trash when we were classmates. But it's nice to see people sometimes change for the better.
.
Unemployed for a month starting to feel hopeless and really down. Just got two calls for interviews out of nowhere. Had to tell someone!
I've been applying heavily since before being let go at the beginning of December (they found out I was looking and fired me). I've been feeling really down about myself lately and not having much hope. I'd been on several interviews, but passed over for one reason or another. 

Well, today I got two phone calls for two different positions in my field. I couldn't be happier, and I just had to tell someone!
.
Girl just sang her heart out in math class
We were alll just sitting around talking since we didnt have any work to do, then one of the girls in my glass played a video of her friend singing. Everyone started saying that she should sing for us, and so she did. Holy titballs it was great. Her voice was powerful and had a distinctive crack to it. Not a bad voice crack like a preteen talking, but one that just adds a layer of emotion to the song. It definitely surprised everyone in there, and I think she could have a career in music
.
Just wanted to say thanks to the guy who just gave my girlfriend €50 when she panicked at 1.30 am with no access to funds and no way home.
A broken atm card, and some drinks lead to an upset lady. He overheard her phone conversation with me, handed her the cash and walked off without a name or a number. Strangers can care too some times. So thank you.
.
We were mentioned in a Askreddit thread on the front page!
[Here it is](http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/2ixvsc/what_is_your_favorite_small_20k_subreddit_and_why/)


Welcome, anyone new :)


.
I have social anxiety as well as color blindness and I went to buy clothes all by myself for the first time. Yay!
I was afraid of going to some shop like a small cloth shop where i have to interact with people because i have social anxiety and color blindness. It was embarrassing for me to ask the shopkeeper to get me a light blue shirt while pointing at a pink one.
The social anxiety part was also there already. I was afraid of doing anything alone. But i decided to get rid of my social anxiety and this was the first step i took. I am pretty happy with myself right now. I am feeling relieved, and optimistic. Has anyone gone through similar situation?

Edit - here the pic for the clothes i bought, for those who are wondering. [pic](http://imgur.com/a/0q8hd)

I hope it looks good. I still don't know what color the pant is, i bought it coz i think it looks good. The shopkeeper said it's kinda green.
And btw thanks to everyone for such positive comments, you guys are awesome!
.
the few hours lying in bed before I go to sleep is the best part of my day
it's the few hours in the day I truly get to myself in complete comfort. Usually I will browse reddit or youtube. what do you guys like to do before you fall asleep?
.
I woke up to a 7.0 magnitude earthquake this morning
You guys might have heard of the earthquake Alaska experienced today, and I was right smack in the middle of it.

I was chillin in bed when all of a sudden it felt like my room was thrown into a snow globe and shaken around. If you haven’t ever experienced a bad earthquake, it’s like being on a plane and experiencing horrible turbulence, but in a building instead. Your brain can’t really comprehend it. My poor elderly golden retriever tried to join me on the bed and was trembling and whimpering, while I consoled her. I was alone in the house, and it felt unreal. It felt like it was never going to end. It wasn’t my first big earthquake, as the one we experienced in 2016 was similar. It was just as scary though. You can’t feel more helpless than when you’re stuck in the middle of a huge earthquake that you can’t escape from.

Anyway, I keep forgetting I choose to live in a place that can have the ground unpredictably open up at any given time 😂 thought I would share!

Edit: Thanks so much for all the supportive comments! Just woke up from a night of almost no sleep due to the lingering tremors. Every time I settled down, the windows started to rattle and I’d hear the wine glasses downstairs clink together. The tremors are a lot more noticeable in the silence of the night when you try to sleep. Maybe I can nap today. Happy Saturday, everyone!
.
My Daughters (twins!) were born today
At 8:58 am AEST Josephine *McDebo* was born and 1 hour later her younger sister Madelyn *McDebo* was born. Both were a healthy weight, for twins. Josephine was 5 and 1/2 pounds and Madelyn was 5 pounds 1 ounce.

My Girlfriend has come through it surprisingly well for a first time mother, she didn't have any issues and has been more interested sleeping and eating then anything. She did get very emotional when she held Madelyn

Yesterday afternoon my Girlfriend felt weird and started to have the usual lead up to labour. While on the car ride to the Hospital her water broke(going to need to replace that seat now, but who cares). She went through 14 hours and 27 minutes of Labour.

From what we can tell, Josephine appears to have a small birthmark on her right temple while Madelyn has one at the base of her skull, where the neck meets the skull.

I must admit, I cried holding my baby girls. As you could probably guess this is my first lot, we have been building up to this for 9ish months. When I found out we were going to have Twins I did panic a little bit. I was worried about 1 kid so finding out we were going to have 2 sent me into "Oh Shit!" mode. I should have expected it. My Girlfriend has 6 sister's, she is a Triplet and her younger sister's are Twins.

We are unsure if we will put them in separate rooms or not. We think we may keep them together. We didn't actually know the Genders until they were born because we didn't want to ruin the surprise for ourselves and our families.

Speaking of family, both of our immediate families, minus my Fater and her Father, were present to welcome them.

My sister's got very clingy to me, my Older sister specially because she can't have kids herself. My Girlfriends sister's wouldn't stop swooning over the Girls. Her 2 older sisters have been a major help for us because they both have 3 kids between them. If not for them we would have likely been very lost.

My Mother and Step-Mother were very happy. Both have been very excited for the entire 7 1/2 months that they knew.

My Girlfriends mother was also overjoyed.

We even have nicknames for Josephine and Madelyn.

Josie and Madi. I don't think I have ever been this happy in my life before. It is the start of the next chapter in both of our lives, My Girlfriend and I.

Edit: I'm sorry but I can't respond to many more comments atm. I am about to go to bed. I will try to reply to anymore that require it on the morrow.
.
Did you achieve your 2015 New Year's resolutions?
I'm posting this thread not only to see how everyone on /r/CasualConversation  did with their goals, but because...

Exactly a year ago today in the 2014-2015 /r/AskReddit New Year's Megathread, [I asked](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/2qxd1t/2014_2015_new_years_megathread/cnaf0x0):

*What's one thing you want to achieve by 31st Dec 2015?*

*RemindMe! One year "Message whoever answers this question and ask if they achieved it!"*

It's now 31st Dec (GMT), so it's time to keep up my part of the bargain! About 70 people answered my question so I will post each person's goal in the comments below.

I hope you were all able to achieve what you set out to achieve.

Edit: Thanks for the gold! [**HERE IS THE NEW 2016 THREAD!**](https://www.reddit.com/r/self/comments/3ywu0b/what_are_your_2016_new_years_resolutions_write/)

BTW it's not massively important but I am being addressed as 'bro', 'man' and 'sir', I'd just thought I'd mention that I'm actually a 'sis', 'woman' and 'lady' :D 

*Also: The Reddit publication 'Upvoted' interviewed me and wrote an article about the New Year's Resolutions threads. They didn't ask me to promote it or anything but I thought it was pretty cool, so if you want to have a read, [here it is](https://upvoted.com/2016/01/02/redditors-share-their-results-of-last-years-resolutions-and-offer-encouragement-for-2016/).*

.
Anyone else tired of the 9-5 corporate rat race?
It is impossible to enjoy participating in a race that no one can win. It is literally the same cycle every week and I am tired of it. It is Sunday afternoon over here and I am already dreading work tomorrow. I work as a part time contract data entry assistant and it is a total borefest. IDK how people can stand sitting down for 8 hours inside a cubicle staring at the computer, I have to get outside for a walk every 45 mins or so to escape the slog and clear my mind. Would getting a trade be better than this slog? If not I will just get a night shift security gig when my contract ends.
.
Y'all ever like a post or comment solely to make it even? Like, 599 to 600?
Even if you don't care much for the comment.

I wonder how many other people do this.

Or maybe it's an OCD thing. I just have to click to make it even, can't resist.

Edit/note: guys I should add that I actually have ocd and do this because of it. I don't mean to make ocd lighthearted or anything. Yes, it is satisfying to watch the 99-->00 but I also am uneasy if I don't do it so that's why I believe it's an ocd driven behavior. ok anyway.. 😂

Edit, pârte dós: Oh and I never dislike to bring it down and make it even. Like from 601 to 600. I don't find that satisfying at all!
.
Hey fellow lurker know that you're loved and appreciated! Free hugs here!
I know sometimes things can be really hard, and you don't want to talk to people because of that. But you're still Carrying on silently and that deserves massive respect <3. 
How did your day go? I'm here to give you internet comfort points and hugs along with *gibs free cookies* thank you for trying so hard you matter!

Now if there's anything I can do or rather *we* can do (all the lovely people in here) by listening to you vent I'd love to. 

Edit: If someone would like to check my little sub r/WholesomePals I'd be blessed thank you 
.
My kids bought me a PS4
This was a few months ago, and I’m still blown away by it. 

I’m a single mom of four. My kids are all mostly adults (one still in hs) and we all still live together. It’s almost a roommate type scenario where we all work and contribute to the household together. Our lives blew up a few years ago and we had to move from one state to another in just 5 weeks. Without going into detail, basically we left a very bad situation; it was extremely traumatic and scary, but we managed. We’ve been healing and thriving and are very tight-knit and close. 

I love video games and gaming, and wanted a PS4 but would never in a million years shell out the money for one for myself; my entire income goes into maintaining our household.  

So my kids pooled their funds and surprised me with one. It wasn’t my birthday, or any other holiday. They just got it for me as a present. 

When they presented it to me (they set it up and had it ready to go), they had already bought and downloaded some of the games I really wanted.  I cried my face off, I was so surprised and touched. I still can’t believe they did that for me. 

My kids are awesome human beings and I am so happy I get to be their mom. 

ETA: Thank you, you guys, for all the lovely and sweet comments. It made me all warm and fuzzy on my insides! You guys are so sweet!
.
I asked out a girl yesterday.
She said yes. We went downtown and had a blast. I told her that I liked her and she felt the same. We ended up kissing and planned a second date this Monday. This is my first relationship and I'm really excited. I kinda just want to talk about it and decided this was the right sub.

Edit: Well this blew up. Who knew that you could  get ~~800~~ 1700 karma for bragging about going on a date.

I think I might delete in 24 hours

Edit2: I'm not gonna delete the post.
.
This weekend, I stay home, played video games, ate pizza, and that was it. It was amazing.
I feel fat right now but screw it! I had a blast. I played a few games, most notable Oxenfree. And I loved it! Not a great one to play just before bedtime but I didn’t know it was a horror game until I was an hour into it. Lol. And I played Overwatch, Tales from Borderlands and Banished for a bit.

I also watched Star Trek, Star vs the Forces of Evil (omg, I need a new episode already!), The Last King and listened to Nujabes for about an hour while I played Hearthstone. 

I’m at work now. Love my job, but I want to go back to my lazy-weekend right now haha.

.
Is it just me, or do upvotes say things now?
"Over 9000" and stuff like that. Anyone else? I like it :)
.
I'm loving it.
I just ordered a snack wrap from my phone, while I was shitting on the toilet, inside of a McDonald's.  As soon as I walked out I was immediately greeted at the counter by a smiling employee asking if I ordered a snack wrap.  What a time to be alive.
.
Today, I (19M) decided to take a huge step in the right direction and saw a psychologist for the first time!
It's been years of what looks to be depression. I'm happy that i've made the decision to do something about it and my first appointment went great! I can't wait to better myself.

Edit: Wow, this blew up! I'm really thankful for all the kind words. I apologise if I couldn't reply to you all. Thank you so much, I really appreciate it :)
.
Just had a job interview at McDonald's
Nothing out of the ordinary happened but the following was said:

Him: "What's your favorite subject in school?"
           
Me: "I love math"

Him: "That's cool, I loved math in school too, funny how I ended up here"

*an awkward pause followed*

Him: "Anyways, what's your least favorite subject"


**EDIT:** after reading through comments and everyone's fast food stories, I'm really excited to start on monday!
.
I accidently saved a life today
I went home about a half an hour early today. As I turned down my street I noticed the neighbors dog was out, which was quite odd, and I almost hit her as she darted in front of my truck. I messaged the daughter on fb to let her know her dog was out. Next thing I know there are a couple cops, fire truck, EMS, and supervisor. After watching EMS take the brother out, the sister messaged me again saying thank you. She couldn't get a hold of her brother, went home to get the dog and found her brother had set the dog free and tried to commit suicide. He'll be okay, but I still feel sad for the family. 

I guess where I'm going with it - small actions can be huge. Call a friend, hug your brother or sister, let people know they're appreciated.

EDIT: He is home and with the family this morning.
.
I’m finally divorced and I’m a dad with full custody of my 4 children.
After almost 8 years of an abusive marriage I’m finally divorced w/ full custody of my 4 kids (7, 5, 3, and 2). 

She didn’t show up to court today, but since she hasn’t attempted to see our kids since December I was granted a default judgment. It’s a surreal feeling. It hasn’t completely sank in. Even though she destroyed me emotionally for years, I still miss her an feel incredibly sad. 


.
I really like living next to an airport.
OK, the noise of the planes isn't ideal, but it's like living next to a main road.  You get used to it, I barely notice it now.

I still love seeing low flying planes, I still look up in anticipation when I hear them.  They always remind me that I like to go on holiday, and I act on that reminder...I've been away three times this year already.  The rent in the area is cheap(ish).  The big factor is the transport links.  All roads lead to airports and transport that goes to airports has to come back.  You can go anywhere, at anytime...there's always a bus, a tram or a train.  And of course a plane.
.
I'm one year cancer free! What are you grateful for?
After 2 surgeries and chemo, the last surgery being a year ago, I've now been cancer free for a year. Everyone took very good care of me and I'm thankful that despite needing chemo and the second surgery things went very well.

What are you grateful for today? :)

&#x200B;

Edit: I have read every comment but sorry that I'm not replying to them all, there are just so many :)
.
I saw Black Panther and the most relatable character was the villain.
** Major spoilers ahead for those who haven't seen the movie yet***

So today I went to go see Black Panther with my sister. I haven't seen her in a year. She doesn't really like action films because she feels they are mostly "plot less" and "Nothing but guns shooting", but she actually enjoyed this one.

Anyway!

While watching the movie I totally understood how Erik, Black Panther's cousin felt. I and my sister are first generation African Americans. I have always felt that I was too African for Black Americans. I talk "like white people" or "snobs". To them I eat strange food and talk funny... But to Africans I am too "American". They also think I talk funny and eat strange foods, lol. 

When I told my sister this she completely understood. It was liberating. Poor Erik felt trapped between two worlds. It was nice watching a movie that was able to truly understands us... It was so wonderful to finally see Africans as powerful and not victims. So long have people shown us on TV as nothing but hut dwellers and ignorant fools who need the charity of other nations to move forward.

Another thing that totally amazed me was how the five tribes were all designed after major African tribes from all over the continent. It was so beautiful.

I cried a little bit. Because deep down I knew that if there was less corruption in Africa that we would be seen as equals.

I don't really know if this is the right sub to put this in. I just wanted to tell the world. This evening I finally felt empowered. I felt strong!!
.
Its just a bad day, not a bad life
Felt that maybe someone could use this reminder. 

Edit: I really am enjoying what this tread is turning into, so much positivity flying around that I actually feel a little enlightened from the few rough days I've been having. I thank you /r/CasualConversation  <3

Edit 2: Holy crap this post really blew up, I'm trying my best to respond to everyone, sorry if I don't get to you. Really loving the positivist taking place in the tread! 
.
My cat that went missing 6 years ago has been found!
I can't believe it, I just want to talk about him all day. He got in the back of a carpet fitters van without the driver realising and we never saw him since. We searched a lot and left posters everywhere but to no avail. 

My mum got an email from a local vets yesterday asking her to call.. Benjie had been found?! What the heck. I thought he was dead... I never thought I would see him again. It's so surreal I can't get over it that he's here. I'm terrified of him going again. He's 9 years old now and we still have his brother too. We have 4 cats now! 

He's also lost weight and looks so different from what I remember but he's as loving as he ever was before. (https://imgur.com/a/wfYCh, you can see the difference from the one photo I have of him!)

Do you have any pets? Do you have any happy ending missing stories too? I'd love to hear them, I'm so happy and hopefully this gives others who have a missing pet some faith. :) 
.
What I’ve learned from Reddit.
Since joining reddit, I [18F] have learned many things. 
Humans are very complex. More complex than I always believed *everyone else* to be. 
I have learned that basic human emotions aren’t always basic. One emotion can carry a vast amount of feelings. 
The word “weird” can have a negative and/or positive connotation. For me: weird means normal.   Humans are weird. That involves me, you, him, her, she, SO, OP, them, and it.
Humans are lonely.
Humans are also very curious.
Humans are nosy 
And also very sexual
I have also found, that some of the most genuine interactions have been over this exact platform. 
I have learned, how human bodies work, how many people have experienced the same things I have, or wondered the same things as me. 
It has made me value this universal sacred self.
I also now know, I’m not the wisest person in the world, nor am I the most ignorant.
It has taught me the importance of finding each other’s sameness, and stop turning shoulders for their differences.
I often doubt the compassion of others, and their ability to help. But I’ve learned there is no reason to.
Also, what we carry internally, is much more important than what is beyond. 
Thank you Reddit 
Have a cool day.
-T


.
I didn't realise how clearly you can see leaves on trees
I've needed glasses since I was 14ish. My eyes have rapidly become worse and I didn't help by hating wearing them unless I was in lectures or classes. I'm nearly 20 and finally paid for another eye test and received contacts. Holy shit you can see leaves on trees?! like individual fucking leaves?! It's not one big green blur I'm amazed I want to go on a hike
.
Recently lost 30 pounds and was told that I was hot
I was over at a guy's place last night, and he tells me that I was really hot and out of his league!

I know I shouldn't place my value on what men think, but I've always been chunky and NEVER been called hot or even remotely referred to as such. 

Edit: thanks for the silver!!!

Just some clarification about the “value based on men’s opinions”. What I meant was that I was raised to believe that my self worth isn’t dependent on what men, or other people think. Especially something as vain as body types. 

I’m just so shocked and flattered and I just wanted to tell people! 
.
A little girl called me "Mr."
I'm 19 years old

I feel bad
.
Why don’t we call people with masters degree “Master”
We already call people with PhDs “Doctor” so why not do the same for people with masters.
I’d rather be called Master Ben than Doctor Ben! (Not that I have either degree yet 🤗)
.
I signed an entire song in ASL in font of about 300+ people and didn’t mess up once!
I’m a junior in high school and I take ASL. I have a bit of social/performance anxiety, so doing this was rather nerve wracking. This also was only after... 5 days of practice? I decided to do it only the other day and got super worried that I would mess up and flub it horribly. I didn’t! I got really into it and I got a lot of cheers at the end. 

During lunch a few people came up to me and said how they really liked my performance and that I did a great/good/fantastic job. Once it was over I felt exhausted from all the nervous energy that was finally released, and I may go take a nap aha. 

Definitely want to do this again for my school’s language week if I can.

EDIT: Just to clarify: this wasn’t a concert, it was an event where all the levels of ASL from my school and another came to our school to preform various songs we had been learning. 
.
Went to a college bar yesterday, and it felt like a daycare. I'm 27. RIP youth.
There were the guys sitting at the bar with sharpie on their right hands. There was the circle of girls silently dancing while each was scanning the room. There was the guy standing on a seat acting silly for his friend's snapchat. And there was me, a tired-ass adult standing in a playground. Went home, no regrets.

EDIT: Wow, this is officially my most popular post! I am not hating on anyone btw, just observing a new-to-me gut reaction. I am just as silly and immature as those kids in a lot of ways, just maybe not in a bar anymore. I think everyone should do what makes them happy. Let's keep it civil. :)
.
Today, I went out from my home after 6 months.
From last 6 months, all I was doing to leave home and go to college and vice-versa. Haven't made good friends in college and all my  friends from school went to different college. So I started feeling lonely. My uncle noticed that and today he forced me to go to  park with him and my 2 little cousins. I denied first but he forced me anyway. It was very peacefull, the nature in morning, Air. In park I saw my cousins run carefree, which reminded me of my childhood. It was beautiful.  I Wish  could live that life again.
.
I won my first case in r/KarmaCourt
ICYDK, /r/KarmaCourt is a subreddit dedicated to calling out people who do wrongdoings, for example: reposting without citing source, mods being corrupt, identity theft, etc. It's not a serious sub, that being none of the "sentences" are official.

Someone stole my meme from r/MemeEconomy, claiming to have created it, and got way more upvotes than I did. I created a case, got an attorney, judge, and jury, and the case began.

After going through a rigorous fight, the defense was found guilty.

[Here is the case.](https://www.reddit.com/r/KarmaCourt/comments/9b9ut8/usuperstryker7_vs_udankster_7758_for_meme_theft/)

I wanted to have a discussion about it on /r/casualiama, but that went down the shitter real quick.

So here I am, feeling proud that the mighty sword of justice strikes fair.
.
My 30 page final paper was due today. I had all semester to work on it, but I waited until yesterday to start it.
Procrastination at it's finest. I didn't think it would be possible, but it was. I'm majoring in Exercise Science, and for a senior project our class is that we intern 300 hours at a local internship site in order to gain experience. I chose to split my 300 hours into 2 places and do 150 each, one at a rehab office and the other at a gym for college level athletes. So the paper was on my experience at these 2 places, answered questions that needed to be answered, put in a bunch of charts/tables that were needed. It basically was a final for my major all together. I just handed it in this morning, and I honestly think I got an A.

What is the worst case of procrastination that you have ever had?

UPDATE: MY TEACHER GRADED IT, I GOT A 100! WHAT! 
.
I went clubbing with my parents
I'm 18 and only recently started drinking and we went to a club after dinner. We danced a tonne, they brought along their friends and one of them leaned over to my mum and said "YOUR KID IS AWESOME". I drank a bunch of water, my mum kept me company in the girls bathroom and my step dad made sure i was safe when i disappeared from the dancefloor for a bit. I bought them drinks, they bought me drinks, the bartender recognised me because we go to the same uni and my parents were completely fine with us flirting. Overall very fun!

It was honestly such a great night, I love them to pieces and hope they know how amazingly cool they are.
.
It's been a year since I discovered you Reddit, and I love it
Not sure if here's where this would fit, but I'm just happy that I discovered reddit a year ago. The people here have helped me get over a lot of things and it has guided me when I haven't been sure as of what to do or how to proceed. 

I love you all Redditors! 

And now I'm wondering, what's your Reddit story?

Edit: Thank you for the gold! Whoever it was. Enjoy and rejoice!
.
I made 45k last year, 5 years removed from making minimum wage.
$45,428.54 to be exact. I know 45k doesn't sound like much to write home about, but I can still remember 5 years ago making $7.25 an hour, applying for food stamps, living with relatives, and thinking to myself "If only I could make $12 an hour, I could get my own little apartment, and I would be ok".


I went to the local Community College and got an Associates Degree in Networking, and started working in the IT field while I was still in college, going from $10 an hour, to $12, to $14.40, $16.67, $18.81 and now i'm over $21 an hour and it blows my mind that I can consider myself "Middle class". I live in a rural area that is inexpensive to live, and I make above the median salary for this area. 


I feel like a success as I love my job, but this is not the kind of thing I can brag about to anybody I know because salary is taboo.



*EDIT: Holy wow, I didn't expect this to resonate with so many people! I created a throwaway to post this! I'm going to read through the comments and reply now. Thank you guys for your words of encouragement.
.
Went out on a Tinder date during the weekend.
And it was amazing. We chatted for 8 hours over coffee, then dinner and more coffee until she need to go home taking the last shift of the train. We talked the most random things the whole day and kept poking fun with each other. We had such a good time on our Saturday date that we decided to meet again on Sunday at the same Starbucks. I finally muster up the courage and held her hand. Got my tummy all glittery. 

I've never spent so much time with a single person in a day for so long and yet feel so comfortable. Sadly, she's flying to Europe this week and be there for at least a year. We'll probably never meet again after this but I'm glad that we spent the weekend being  silly together, having silly conversations. I'll definitely miss her. 

Anyway, just needed to vent out. Thanks for stopping by if you're reading.
.
I haven't travelled in over a decade and was going to cancel my trip due to anxiety. I have just spent my first 24 hours in the States visiting from London and so glad that I didn't cancel :)
Here are my initial thoughts:

-It feels a lot less uptight and more relaxed than in England

-The guys are way hotter over here. I planned to avoid going on dates abroad but now I am not so sure...

-No one told me the number of words we use differently: bin/trash, cash point/ATM, cinema/theatre... 

-Everything feels way over the top. Now I know why people call Britain "Little America"... 

-People look angry but then are so friendly when you actually chat with them. 

-The American flag is everywhere. 

-It feels wrong seeing police routinely carry guns. 

-4 way intersections with no traffic lights are terrifying. Where are the roundabouts? 


Travelling really is amazing. Even between cultures that are quite similar it's amazing to see and appreciate the differences. I am in a slightly rural area now but will be going to more of a city in a few days. 

I have some downtime and would love to chat about everyone's first impressions of America/Britain! 

EDIT: Wow this post really blew up. I think it confirms that we all love it when someone comes to our home and enjoys themselves.

Thank you so much everyone for all the helpful tips and well wishes. I have been innundated with things to do and will definitely be dropping out a few PMs to find out more about a couple of things. 

Just in case anyone is interested in hearing it, I will do a full scale update about my trip when I head back to London the week after next.

PS If anyone is free on the Saturday of Labour day weekend and doesn't mind wasting it with me it would be really cool to ditch my family for a bit and meet up! Let me know (by PM or comment here) 
.
I ate a bowl of oatmeal this morning and i never had so much energy for my 8 hour work/ school day today and I’m so shook that I didn’t get headaches.
I’m used to getting headaches during long 2 hour classes and thought it was because it was stress of staying in one place too long or long lectures. Haha, funny to know that I actually needed breakfast when I was always under the impression that I didn’t. I love oatmeal so much. Cheers to oatmeal, bananas, and frozen blueberries. Today was one of my most productive and active days yet academic wise.
.
I finally got my GED!
It's taken me two years to get here, and it took all of my power to not break down at the testing center. I'm just so excited, I have to share the good news!
.
Anyone else just want a hug right now?
I don't know, I've been feeling very lonely these days. Don't you just wish people were more open to hugs and kisses in general? I would personally want either of those things right now.
.
It just dawned on me I've never seen a Corgi in person
I *LOVE* Corgis but just now realized all the ones I've seen are in pictures. It feels like my whole life is a lie. 

Are they even real??? Are they just a hoax perpetuated by Reddit???

I don't know what to believe anymore 😭
.
I havent drunk coffee in all of my 22 years of life until recently but now that Ive given it another go I feel AMAZING
Its totally different to redbull or other energy drinks, I feel so aware and awake and that I can achive anythink I want! 

(P.s I wrote this in 0.3576 seconds)
.
My dog is such a faker.
My dog Teddy put the "shit" in shih tzu.  He does not like the cold or snow, but he knows when he goes out to pee, he gets a treat when he comes in.  I'm home today due to snow and twice he has whined and cried to go out.  He just stands in front of my apartment for a second and then comes back in, hoping I didn't notice he didn't pee so he'll get a treat.  Wanker.
.
Do you ever look back on a past "version" of yourself and think "wow, I was so naive and stupid, what was I thinking?" But then start to worry about what you'll think of your current self in the future?
Edit: Wow why did i even post this, i'm so dumb, what was I thinking? 

 But its like instead of looking forward to being a more grown person in the future I worry about what will be wrong with present me when I get to that future person. It's almost like I'm being watched. 
.
Controversial thought (for reddit), but I think pineapple pizza is good. Anyone else?
Around 3 months ago I started getting into it. I tried a hot pineapple pizza with jalapenos and hot sauce. The heat really goes well with the sweet. Now whenever I go to a pizza place, I want to try one of their Hawaiian pizzas. Anyone else a fan of the forbidden (pizza) fruit?
.
Very proud dad
Today my seven year old came home from school and told me about her day. She started off with dad we had to wear blue to school today cause one of our class mates has a disease. She then told me that the little boy can’t talk cause of issues with his tongue. I responded o well that’s sad she then cut me off and said but it’s okay cause I got to play with him and help him learn with sign language and we had so much fun. I’m very proud of her she has a kind heart and never points out people’s flaws.  
.
When i was a teenager, signing up for Facebook made me feel like an adult for some reason. Now that i am an adult, choosing to delete my Facebook makes me feel even more grown up
Deleting my Facebook was so liberating and made me feel so much better. I miss having something to do but it was a hassle always worrying about it which is why I deleted it, I was becoming too concerned with it
.
Told my GF I loved her for the first time. Never been happier in my life
I can't stop reliving the moment in my head. We woke up on her bed, and she was rubbing her nose on my face and making all these faces at me, which made me laugh and realize how in love with her I was. I guess I didn't say anything for a while, so she asked me what's up and all I could say was, "I think I'm in love with you." We both froze for a few seconds, but then she smiled and said she loved me too and now I just have a warm, fuzzy feeling in my heart. This is so amazing!

Edit: I just want to thank everyone for their sweet replies! I really appreciate each and every one of them, you guys are too kind!
.
I just proposed to my girlfriend. She said yes!!!
I was so nervous asking her, even though she told me a few weeks ago that, if I asked, she'd say yes. We're currently long distance and asked her over Skype, but we had already had plans in motion for getting a place together. I didn't actually have a physical ring either, so I showed her a picture of what I had picked out. It was a good thing too because, while she liked the ring, she had already had a few ideas of her own, so now we're both looking at rings together. I'm so elated right now. I just wanted to share it with somebody. 

Anyone else have any nontraditional proposals? 
.
Today I met someone who’d never heard of my country
I’m a Dutch girl travelling through the US with my friend who’s American but has a Dutch accent. We where talking as we paid for a hotel room and the lady behind the counter asked us where we where from, I like talking about my country so I told her I’m from the Netherlands. Her response? “Oh, where is that? Never heard of that place”. 
Amsterdam didn’t ring a bell either. Or Belgium. (My friend told her it was a neighbouring country)
And earlier this vacation a different guy asked me if my country was ‘developed’ and he was surprised when I told him it was. 

I’ve met a lot of super nice Americans who did know at least a little about my country, and I don’t blame people for not knowing about it but still? I can’t help but be a little offended. I know my country is small, but it played its part in the history of the world and it’s not like it’s completely irrelevant on a global scale? 

Has this happened to others? And am I wrong to be bothered by it? 

Edit: 
Wow this blew up! I just wanted to say I don’t expect anyone to know a lot about my country, I don’t even mind if someone can’t point out the general area on a map- I was just surprised someone had literally never heard of it 

Also, this was in Phoenix, Arizona, not in some secluded rural area where people don’t have internet access 
.
Yay me! Today marks 1yr cigarette free!
No it's not an April fool's joke, LOL, I actually quit smoking on April fool's Day. I'm proud of myself and I just wanted to tell someone. 

I decided this year, today, I'm going to quit drinking soda. It's just so unnecessarily sweet. They all just taste the same, like liquid sugar.

Wish me luck!


Edit: thanks for all the encouragement and kind words! Internet strangers are awesome, I don't care what your mama told you.
.
I borrowed my dad's SUV for work yesterday and discovered that he has the tassel from my graduation cap hanging from his rearview mirror.
There's more than a thousand different ways to say "I love you," and most of those don't ever involve saying a single word. :)
.
I feel like I can never really talk about my religion on reddit and that makes me sad..
I'm a proud Muslim. Straight up. On here, though, I never feel like I can talk about the intricacies and beauties of my religion without being bashed or hated on.

Edit 1: I want to let you know I'm not responding anymore cause it became a lot more hate and backlash than the casual conversation I intended. Also, if there are any other Muslims that they can answer for me but I won't be. Thanks for the gold and those of you that had interesting stories and questions. It's been a wild one!

Edit 2: Also fact check everything I've said! I probably got some things wrong, and DM me to correct me!
.
Anyone else feel sad when seeing older people eating alone in a public place?
I always feel so sad when I see elderly people eating by themselves. I don't really know why - half the time I'm also eating by myself and don't mind it that much. But if I'm eating somewhere and I see an old person alone it makes me feel bad the entire meal.
.
I just got home and found my pet, my best friend, dead. I wanted to share his picture with y'all.
https://imgur.com/gallery/U22NG

It's a small album, but I hope y'all can appreciate how cute he was!
.
I quit smoking thanks to my GF.
And I feel pretty great about it!

We haven't been dating long, and even though she's okay with me smoking weed, she doesn't care to be around me when I'm high. I get why, too. I get pretty dimwitted and slow. She didn't force an ultimatum or anything, just a simple request. But here's the thing: she brings me more peace of mind than pot ever has. I had been waffling on whether or not to quit for a number of reasons, but everytime I'd get stress I would inevitably fall back on it, but now I don't feel the need to. My time with her is so much more enjoyable than when I'd be high. 

And even though it's not been long, I can already see some improvements - notably in my creativity, which had sharply declined around the time I started smoking. I used to write pages a day in my spare time, but as the years wound on, my creative spark dimmed and nearly went out completely. Now I'm back to writing, not much but theres progress everyday. If I keep this up, maybe in the coming years I could finally achieve my dream and become a published author.
.
Does anyone else feel that it’s a bit unfortunate that rainbows have become the symbol for LGBTQ+?
Before you start giving me backlash allow me to explain a little bit, please!

I have absolutely nothing against the LGBTQ+ community, I’m unconditionally supportive. If it’s important to you, I will identify myself as a 21 year old straight male. I’m not trying to start a political debate here, and I’m not trying to attack anyone. I just want to know if anyone feels the same way as me or can tell me I’m wrong for feeling this way. 

Basically, I like rainbows. I like colors and rainbows can be great fashionably. What I don’t like is that I can’t wear rainbows without feeling like it’s automatically being assumed that I’m gay or that I’m straight wearing the rainbow in support. Not that either of those things are bad, it ultimately wouldn’t matter to me if someone thought I was gay, I’m sure people do. But what if I just want to wear it because I like how it looks? To me, it’s almost like assuming someone is royalty because they’re wearing purple. Rainbows are essentially just a color scheme. I could see this potentially being annoying to someone that is LGBTQ+ as well. 

So am I the only one? Is this flawed thinking and I should just wear rainbows if I want to?

EDIT: Due to the huge amount of unexpected replies, I will not be reading every comment. I did just want to say that I have no problem with people assuming anything about me. My point was that if I’m wearing a rainbow, I’m not wearing it with the intention of it being associated with LGBTQ+. That’s not my point in wearing it. It’s something as generic as a rainbow that inherently doesn’t hold value on its own. But people assign meaning to it regardless (whether it’s negative or positive) and it’s unfortunate to me that a simple pattern with no context could start an uproar or possibly even limit potential romantic encounters due to preconceived prejudices. 

So ultimately it’s a social fallacy in that we assume what people stand for when we take a single glance at them. Not everybody does it, but it’s a pretty common social issue 
.
I found out today the whole human race almost became extinct about 70,000 years ago and my mind is blown.
I found it actually on a AskReddit post a few days ago, [for those interested it is the Toba Catastrophe](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Toba_catastrophe_theory). Basically it was a volcanic explosion that caused almost all of humanity to go into extinction, leaving 3-10 thousand people left on Earth. It also states today's humans come from 1-10 thousand breeding pairs about 70,000 years ago, when the explosion occurred.

It blows my mind that today's 7 billion people come from just a mere 10,000 at most. I am so fascinated by it. How we almost became extinct because of a volcanic explosion 70,000 years ago, which in reality doesn't seem that long ago compared to how long the world has been around. How all of humanity could have been gone if nobody survived. Imagine that?

What other mind-blowing facts do you know?

Edit: I found out about this like 2 days ago, but didn't really fact check it until today. 
.
My family's idea of family bonding is literally us watching my sister play Fortnite
My 15 year old sister is a very bright student, the type of student who would get straight A's but never studies. Everyday she comes back from school and she immediately jumps on games like R6S, Overwatch and Fortnite. The only time when our family would get together is during dinner. My sister, Sarah, would finish hers quickly so she could jump straight back to video games.

We would eat in the living room where the PS4 is located, so we'd watch her play while eating and just talk. Sometimes we would help her by pointing out to things like "Sarah, there's somebody inside the building on the left." and she'll respond "Got it."

She's surprisingly a very good gamer. Last time I checked she's now in Diamond in OW while I'm stuck in Gold but I don't really play much so I don't mind. She'd rage a lot too and my mom would worry about her but she never does bad in school, her grades didn't slip, her co-curricular activities are in check so I guess she let it slide.

I don't know how she does it but hey.





.
Does anyone else remember when this sub was pretty small, and all the posts were just, “how was you’re day?”
*your fuck

I remember browsing this sub and pretty much all of the posts were just “whatcha doing?” “How was your day”, “hey Reddit how has your day been?”

It was a pretty wholesome place. Quiet and not many posts. It’s much different now but I remember just coming here to talk to people

Edit: ah, I still like this sub lol, I was just taking about how it used to be 
.
Graduated college today and I still feel like there's an assignment I'm forgetting that's due tonight at 11:59.
Kinda crazy that you spend your whole life in the classroom and one day you just don't anymore. I guess that's how life goes sometimes.
.
This is the hardest time of the year! And you’ll be okay!
I’ve seen a lot of posts talking about how sad it gets and that’s natural! The shorter days and holidays are rough even if you love it all! But with more sun comes better days! That’s just science, stick it through, more suicides happen this time of their year than any other and that’s so sad, be your best you and surround yourself with nothing but the best!
.
I don't know when it happened, but I may be becoming a functioning human being?
I submitted a post here about a year ago so proud of myself because I worked past some anxiety to buy a donut at school. That sounds like such a super small thing, but it was pretty big for me.

Since then, I've nearly finished up at school, just one class left that I plan to knock out during the summer. I've taken and survived a speech class (and got an A!), I joined a community band and started playing my flute again, and I realized just yesterday that I have gotten noticeably better at socializing.

When I moved here I didn't have anyone but my SO and his family. When we broke up, I didn't really have anyone. I realized this semester that I have at least one person in every class that I talk to and genuinely enjoy. I participate in class, and I'm having a much easier time chatting with someone if I have to. I just had to do a group project for one of my classes, and while I didn't necessarily like them much, I had no problem throwing out ideas and making small talk and we got an A on our presentation from a professor who has historically been a hard ass.

I had to give a presentation in my bio class yesterday and I wore a pretty dress and felt good about myself. I stopped and got a chai and some breakfast tacos from a little place I walk past daily but have never worked up the courage to try, then I went to class and nailed my presentation. Afterwards, the guy behind me asked if I wanted to study together and got my number.

This is getting long, but I'm happy and I feel like I've come a long way. There's definitely still much progress to be made, but having people to talk to, feeling a little more confident and seeing improvements in myself makes me very hopeful!

Edit: I just wanted to throw a little note here and say WOW, you have all seriously made my day. I would have never expected this many amazing responses, but I've had the biggest smile on my face reading them all day.

Thank you all so much, sincerely, for taking the time to comment, offer advice, and share your experiences. It really means a lot to me. This is such a lovely community!
.
Would anyone be interested in casual AMA with my 66 year old grandfather?
My grandma is currently in a hospital due some health issues and I am spending a few nights with my grandpa. Later today we are going to have some wine and just hang out a bit.

His life story includes being briefly chased by Interpol, surviving a car crash where two of his good friends died, dating but not living  with my grandma for over 20 because they both had to take care of their families. He also went to jail for a couple of days which he calls the only vacation he ever had.
.
Name a physical attribute you are insecure about, I will try to give an example of that same attribute in a positive light.
Here's mine:

I used to be insecure about having a big forehead, but as silly as it sounds, I saw Rihanna and I felt a lot better. She a has a big forehead and if she can have one and be beautiful then I can too! 

How about you?


Haha you guys I have like 50 unread messages and counting but I'll get you so just be patient pls!


Y'all my last post got like 9 comments I wasn't expecting this

Still though I love the love that's happening!


Hey guys I just wanna say it's getting a bit late and I still have around 150 messages so if I don't answer yours tonight that is probably because I feel asleep! But I will answer it in the morning and I apologize for answering so late. I also saw some comments that said "I'm late but-" and I just wanna say if you wanna post any thing overnight go ahead! I will answer in the morning so you can ask away! Or if this threat is a week old when your reading his just go ahead anyway! I'm am still answering it is just taking me a while to do that.

P.S thank you for all the kind word and cool gold! 
.
I once found and turned in a diamond tennis bracelet and got a reward for it.
EDIT:  I'm both surprised pleased about the amount of responses this post has generated.  The stories here reinforce that there is a lot of good in our world despite what bad things are happening in it. Thank you to everyone who has shared their stories. I personally try to do good things in my life and don't normally talk about them.  But I do remember anything bad I've ever done to someone else.  Even if I were dishonest and kept someone else's expensive property, the guilt would drive me insane.

&#x200B;

I worked as a cashier in a grocery store when I was in college.  One evening a nice older couple came through my line, and soon after they left, I found a diamond tennis bracelet on the aisle floor beside the register.  I was young and didn't know anything about jewelry, so I picked it up and set it on my register until I had a moment to take it to the front desk. When I turned it in, the manager said "I think I know who this belongs to," and something like "this is an expensive bracelet."

An hour later the older man comes to my line and shakes my hand and thanked me for turning in the bracelet and gave me twenty dollars, commenting, "It's good to know there are still honest people in this world."  Of course I thanked him back and was grateful for the extra cash since I was always broke.

Thing is, it never dawned on me to keep the bracelet.  I didn't know its value, but even if I did, I would have turned it in.  And even would do the same today.

&#x200B;

About ten years ago, my wife lost her tennis bracelet in the grocery store, and when she went back to look for it, it had been turned in by one of the sackers.  She thanked the girl and offered to give her twenty dollars for its return, but she refused.

&#x200B;

Bottom line is that it's not that I'm surprised that there are still honest people in this world.  I believe that most people ARE honest and will do the right thing in a given situation.  Sure there are dishonest people, but I believe there are more honest than dishonest people.

&#x200B;

The other day my ten year old saw a dime on the floor and showed it to the lady behind him and asked if she had dropped it.  She said she hadn't but told him to keep it.  She later went to my wife and complimented her on his honesty.  And that was a nice thing to do.
.
Does anyone feel better during gloomy weather?
Is it just me? 
Nothing else feels better than waking up to a cold and cloudy morning, checking into the news to find out its gonna be like this for a day or two. 
When a Storm/Low Pressure Area means bad news for most people, for me it usually means that its going to be a good day.

I need help

Edit: didn't really expect this many replies, i just wanted to know other people's perspective on this. Im gonna go and hit the hay and thanks to all of you who shared. 

Y'all are awesome
.
50th blood donation. Been a long-term, low-key goal for me.
So yeah, been donating since I was allowed to at 16. Missed a few because of random malaria malarky, but not too many. Just finished my 50th donation.

Worthwhile, in general, if only for the warm fuzzies.
.
Someone told me that I was "hot" today
After spending almost an year trying to get myself together after a really bad breakup, I have started dating again. So, today this girl I am seeing told me that I was really "hot". It's kind of threw me off because as a guy, I am not really used to getting such direct compliments and I thought nobody would ever find me attractive after my ex. 

We are seeing each other again soon. I don't know who else to tell this.
.
My parents are finally supporting my hobbies.
Ever since my brother was a young kid he was into sports. Baseball, basketball, golf--he had phases in almost everything, but these three mainly. So my parents bought him top of the line baseball bats, golf clubs, shoes, and put him in every league you could imagine. He's 20 now and for Christmas, his gift is always a week long trip across the country to golf.

My hobby since the tender age of ten? Fishkeeping. I love this hobby and it's been nearly constant for over ten years. I've had multiple tanks (that I've paid for), I've bred various types of fish, I'm on all the online fish forums. It's my favorite thing in the world. They keep me alive sometimes, having to take care of a fragile ecosystem. 

Only thing is, my parents always HATED it. When I'd ask for a tank for Christmas? An eye roll. When I'd excitedly tell them I finally managed to breed a species of catfish I'd never bred before? Don't give a shit.

Lately my mom has taken a liking to my angelfish. I'm not sure why, she's never cared about any of my fish before, but she's into them. Cool! Yet last Christmas I asked for a bigger tank for them. Nope. It's not a space problem, it's not a money problem--it's just they didn't care. Which, to an extent is fine I guess, but I expect a *little* more from people who've been to every single golf, basketball and baseball game for my brother and spend thousands to get him the right golf clubs.

I brought this up to my mom. Nicely. Just said "it isn't really fair that we give *brother* anything sports related, but when it comes to my hobby I'm not even allowed to do much."

And immediately she apologized and promised for my birthday I get a bigger tank! All paid for (which I did t expect at all. I expected she'd only *let* me use my own money to buy a larger tank, but she agreed that they support my brother's hobbies--why can't they support mine?)

I am SO excited for this! 


.
Slushies are the beverage of diminishing returns
The first few gulps of a slushie is like tasting the nectar of the Gods! How it combats the hellish summer heat and stimulates your taste buds with a delicious fruity blasts but exactly two minutes in that all changes. 

The perfect balance between shredded ice and syrup gives way to nothing but an immobile pile of flavoured frost that forces you to plunge your straw in and out constantly looking for that last spot of flavor- it's the oral rehydration equivalent of panning for gold.

In my impatience, I always tear off the lid and vigorously shake the cup back and forth by my mouth, sickening passing mothers and priests alike with my flagrant act of fellatio. Eventually that "2cool4skool" dog in the winter coat that plasters the side of the cup feels magnanimous enough to ejaculate the contents of the cup into my mouth, I now have to contend with the pain and shame of having this huge clumps of ice filling my cheeks and causing the sides of my head to writhe in aganoy!

Tl;dr: slushies are really good and I'd benefit to let them thaw more

Edit: wow thanks for the gold! To review what I've been told:

Eat it with a spoon/bigger straw

Give the bottom the ol' tappa tappa

Don't use a straw to begin with


I also saw some name drops for some very nice sounding outlets but I live in Africa so they're off the books :P
.
I'd like a game show where teams debate a controversial topic, but aren't allowed to openly pick a side and only gain points after arguing for and against. Where the objective is to properly understand both sides.
So an example debate might be "Euthanasia" but rather than having two teams being "For" and "Against", there could be a number of teams and each one would have to put forward arguments for AND against the topic.

The current ideas I had are:

 * Points could be scored for:
* Making good points
* Successfully arguing other team's points
* Bonus points for making particularly good points or defending from another team's argument.

 * Points could be lost for:
* Showing bias by only arguing for one side 
* Lying or spreading inaccuracies (False statistics etc.).

 * Points could be scored by arguing for and against, but only after successfully arguing both sides.
* So each point arguing FOR a topic gives -1 point, but if you also have a point AGAINST the topic, they cancel and give 2 points.
* Bonus points would be tracked differently

The fact that people would need to remain unbiased while still remaining competitive would mean every argument would need to be airtight or it would be picked apart. People wouldn't be happy to let bad arguments survive simply because they are on the same "side".

There would probably be a panel of relevant experts deciding whether a team's argument is valid, and penalising lies and correcting inaccuracies. Maybe have one person from each side of the argument but they're not revealed until the end, and they might even discuss their favourite points from the side opposing their own. There might even be bonus points for correctly guessing which is which.

The winner would be decided by points and rather than either topic being considered the winner, people would use the arguments to decide for themselves.

What do you guys think?

---

I always keep my political opinions to myself when I'm discussing them with others and I was wondering what a gameshow like this would be like. I like it because people don't know if I'm on their side or not, so I find they work harder on their arguments rather than just countering what I say.
.
So im literally paid to use reddit now
Part of a marketing team and had a meeting regarding advertising/distribution channels. The usual answers of linkedin, facebook were discussed when i suggested reddit. 

The people had no idea what reddit was and for what we were doing (business intelligence and visual analytics ) it just so happened to be quite apropos. 

So now i have a team of scientists backing me up to make shit posts on reddit. 

Hows your day?
.
happy new years, for those of us spending it on reddit! comment one of your resolutions/hopes and ill draw an animal cheering you on
or just comment something for me to draw for you to kick off the new year with kindness haha. gf broke up with me on the eve so i want to spread positivity around for us down on the new year :)

edit 1hr later: jeez, reddit gold, theres so much warmth in this thread ;;__;; thank you! i'd glad i can brighten your days/nights doing what i can. i'm a slow drawer but I will get to everyone :)

edit2 : the last three hours have just filled me with so much warmth :,) i wish i could get to more of you before i head to bed, but i'll continue in the morning! everyone will get one!! not only am i glad to support you all but you also kept me occupied on what would've been a rough new years eve, the positivity and hope in this thread is unreal ;__;
.
Anyone here remember Stumbleupon?
just found out they are shutting down today. Even though I haven't used it in years, I'm still kinda sad about it - I found so many cool sites and articles just strolling through that webpage and to this day I've never quite found a website like it. 

It really was unique in a way and it's a shame they are shutting down!

PS: If anyone knows of a way to save all your likes on your profile, that would be amazing. I've got over 1.1K and bookmarking every single one is not possible :p
.
If you live in California, put some shoes by your bed tonight!
I don’t live there so I hope that everyone is already aware of this but a lot of the injuries that result from an earthquake are actually from people who wake up and start frantically running around barefoot! Please, put some shoes by your bed so you don’t stab yourself in the foot with a glass shard from a broken picture frame or something. Stay safe!
.
You know that cute girl in your class you've always wanted to ask out? I did just that...
So ever since the first class, I saw this cute girl and I've been wanting to talk to her. I never talked to her until today, during our final class together. 


I sat next to her and realised I forgot to bring my pencil case (genuinely) so I thought it was a good conversation starter to ask if I could borrow a pen from her. We ended up talking and sharing a few laughs, so at the end of the class, I said "fuck it", I'm gonna ask her out.


Didn't work out. I fucked up pretty badly. I spoke faster than Eminem on Rap God and had no idea what I was saying at one point. I kind of just spilled the words out "Thanks for the pen, how about I take you out to lunch t-" and I didn't even finish my sentence and she gave me an embarrassed laugh, shook her head, and said "No"


I kind of just laughed it off after class and shook my head, thinking "What was I doing?! That was a terrible segue into asking her out" 


I don't regret it though, I'm usually introverted and self-conscious about talking to girls, so I'm glad I didn't pass up the opportunity to ask her out. I think it would have been worse if I was left with the regret of not trying. 


I hope this story doesn't discourage you! 


Thanks for listening, I'm glad I could share this slightly embarrassing experience with you guys.


Have you got any embarrassing stories?

EDIT: I had no idea this would blow up, but I really appreciate all of your responses and encouragement. Just thought I'd also add in this extra piece of detail - I never ended up giving her pen back (not on purpose), so now I have a kick-ass pen to use! 
.
Went out for dinner alone, happen to sit behind two people on a blind date. Cringe ensues. And yet happy ending.
Decided to go out and have dinner on my own tonight. A couple of minutes after being seated I start to notice a loud voice near by. Doesn’t take me long to realize I’m sitting behind a couple on a blind date. I try to mind my own business but more and more I get the feeling this guy wants everyone in the room to hear what he has to say. As I’m enjoying my drink I start to hear this guy list off the things he “doesn’t hate” pretty soon the guy says something like “so I’ve decided to use my anger for good” 

And before you say it, no he wasn’t discussing some kind of personal struggle that he overcame. The guy was trying to sound like he was some kind of superman. He then started talking about how no matter how hard he gets punched no one can hurt him. I’m not trying to shame the guy or anything, remember he’s being super loud here. But we’re not talking about some kind of mountain of a man. He’s roughly 5’6” and about 190lbs. Judging from when he stood up to use the restroom. Well this goes on for a while, about 15 minutes later I’m completely shocked when I hear the girl laughing at his anecdotes and adding to the conversation. In the end it seemed like these two hit it off. I’m happy for them. I wonder if they’re going to make it?


Edit: Didn’t think so many people were going to find this post very interesting. Thank you guys for weighing in. Even those of you who think I made it all up :)
.
I just noticed Ellen Pao is a moderator on this subreddit.
Welcome! Even though some of us may or may not agree with aspects of the current Reddit drama we can all chill out here, no matter our opinions.

I just made some beautiful potassium ferrioxalate solution in my lab today, what are you all up to?

[edit] She's here guys!
.
My mom went on a big rant about how she hates that people are calling clouds "butts" nowadays
A long time ago I guess I installed the clouds to butt extension on her MacBook and forgot about it. It's been like a year later, and she ranted to me how she can't stand that the weather websites call clouds instead of butts and it's a ridiculous trend, and now she's even been seeing her friends on Facebook calling clouds "butts". She even told me the other day she was with her friend and he had ranted to her about how she couldn't understand it, but her friend was British so she just assumed it was an American thing. Once she had told me all of this I was sure what the cause was, so I opened up her MacBook and went on chrome. Sure enough she had one extension installed and it was the clouds to butts one. I don't think I stopped laughing the entire night. Love you momma :) 

Edit: fixed a mistake someone noticed from /r/bestof. Also thanks for whoever bought me gold. I can't wait to inform my mom that someone gave me the equivalence of $4 to me over a story I posted on the internet. 

Edit 2: @noahlandaa hey add me on snapchat because im lonely 

Edit 3: I told her about how strangers paid money to read my story and to quote her she said "oh brother". She tried to hide a smile though I saw that momma. 
.
Partner asked me to move in!
My partner (M25) just asked me (F24) to move in with him. I am so over the moon happy, I am totally in love with this person. I just had to tell someone 😂
.
Am I the only person that tries to upvote all the comments on one of my posts or is that pretty common?
 I feel like their is a lot of negativity on reddit at times, so whenever I make a post, I try to upvote anyone who comments. I feel like if someone takes the time to write something out, even if they disagree with my post (and if they make a very civil comment disagreeing with me), I’ll give them an upvote because I feel like they deserve it. 

I’m wondering if anyone else does this because I’d like to see that reddit isn’t just a bunch of negative Nancy’s.

Also, I’ve never had a post with a huge amount of comments but I would understand someone not upvoting thousands of comments. 

Edit: Well shit, I have my work cut out for me

Edit 2: Okay I did it, Ive upvoted every comment on this thread except one (Im sure you can guess which one). Please no one else comment lol
.
My 11 yo daughter’s heart is broken upon realizing there is no such thing as a baby butterfly...
While I understand this is not a HUGE thing to work through, her sensitivity to things has made it so I have been comforting her about it. What life realizations have you had to help your kids through? 
.
A woman just complimented me for the first time ever, I'm a dude.
I was just walking down my daily route to the office with my headphones in. This woman comes up from behind me and taps my shoulder to get my attention. I pull put my headphones and she just smiles and says that I look very handsome. 

Caught off guard and just gave a very broken "thank...you??? " She says welcome and just continues her way in the opposite direction. 

I feel really awkward! But somehow I feel really good about this interaction. It felt really nice.  :-)
.
I think I can actually feel my depression lifting!
I just wanted to share that after about 6 years of deep depression that saw me lose my friends, my family relationships and even my job, I feel better for the first time. I've noticed recently that I've been thinking about my future, managing finances, even shopping for new clothes (still online, but it's a start). 

Yesterday I started to listen to music again; music I used to listen to and sing along with, I listened to and sang along with last night!

I have also noticed that I can articulate my thoughts better and I even had a normal dream Friday night. My cats are cuter, days are nicer (though I'm still locked inside). Everything just has a brighter sheen to it.

It's not great yet, but I hope it continues. I've needed to move for my new job for months but haven't had the will. I feel like I might be ready to make a change that I've wanted to make for years. I don't know how this is happening, but it is!

I'm sharing it here because I don't really have anyone in my life anymore, especially anyone who knows this side of me and would understand how fucking huge this is. Hopefully one day that will change!

Thanks for listening!
.
I'm having the best time of my life
Last year I broke up with a girl I loved. I wasn't in a good position anyway and that put me in a really low place. Moved away from home for a job and I felt fucking lonely. I'll never forget crouching next to the wall in my rented room five minutes after I moved in and just balling my eyes out.

Now, after a gradual increase of life improvements I'm enjoying life more than ever. I started a diet just to be healthier, I went out just to interact with people, I worked out in my tiny box of a room, I became more confident, I volunteered for things, I taught myself how to ride a bike (never learned) and am now biking to work. I listened to a bunch of great, energized music. Lastly, I now have just been offered a fantastic new job that will let me continue improving myself, my future prospects and I'm moving to a new and beautiful city.

Sorry to go on, but life is fucking fantastic right now, I wake up looking forward to the day, people treat me differently, both women and men. I've received many positive things off people that have helped me along my journey so much. Thanks to all the wonderful people I've met and the ones I no doubt will.

Have a fantastic day everybody, and remember, if you're in a rough situation  right now, if it feels like you have nothing, no prospects - you do, you've just got to desire change enough. It'll snowball if you work for what you want.

Edit - Thank you everyone for your awesome words. I really hope all you guys get what you want in the long or short run. Keep at it and never give up!

Edit - The stories I'm reading are touching my heart. It's beautiful to hear so many people's stories from around the world. I'm trying to reply to each of you but I've got to get some sleep. I love you all and I'll talk soon
.
Who else is on Reddit while they're at work?
Slow day for me. I finally managed to install Chrome on my computer at work because it literally did not work with IE (go figure), so I've got all the world of Reddit to keep me company.

&#x200B;

Anyone else having a browse while they're at work? Let's keep other from work-related-boredom :)
.
My pet tortoise is too rambunctious.
A month and a half ago I got a pet tortoise after doing extensive research. I made sure I had the right enclosure and stuff for her, enough space, enough$$ to take care of her, etc.

Her name is Delilah and she’s a fucking DELIGHT. She loves being handfed, she recognized my voice and comes when called. She loves having her chin rubbed. She called her eyes when I rub her, like she trusts me enough not to hurt her. She also loves food and I know her favorites. 

The tortoise people online said an 8’ by 4’ enclosure would be perfectly fine for her breed. I got multiple opinions and did loads of research. She was also in a 40 gallon (pretty tiny) tank with another tortoise her whole life before I rescued her. So I assumed she’d love an 8’ by 4’ enclosure.

Except the enclosure walls aren’t high enough. I don’t even know HOW. But she’ll escape (sometimes five times a day) and will run around on the carpet. It’s kind of hysterical but alarming because I don’t want her to get hurt! Thankfully I keep the door to her room closed so nobody steps on her or she falls down the stairs.  But I gotta get a new enclosure for her. I’m also convinced she escapes during the day and then vaults back in to get under her heat lamp when it’s cold. 

Overall, a rambunctious pet tortoise. 10/10 for shock value and cuddles and nibbles. Also shockingly way more active than my middle aged cat.
.
Every year I say to myself “wow last year I was really cringy thank god im not this year” and then the very next year I say the same thing
Yep
.
Do you ever realize how amazing your life is?
Yesterday I came to the realization that life for me is great, I have good friends, I'm doing amazing in my college classes, and I think I've lost a bit of weight!
.
A year since I last smoked cigarettes.
Just realised it’s been a year since I quit cigs. All my friends still smoke and my family never knew I smoked in the first place, so I haven’t really had the chance to tell anyone. Feels good though. Been a difficult journey and I can safely say I will never smoke cigarettes again. 

EDIT: Thank-you everyone for the kind words. It means an awful lot! 
.
If I ever discover a new mineral I'm gonna call it Amirite.
I like wordplay.
.
Today is a very special day: as of today, I'm legally a woman named Ayane. Incidentally, today is also my birthday!
[I'm the same girl from five months ago...](https://www.reddit.com/r/CasualConversation/comments/7gnwtr/today_i_am_presenting_as_a_woman_for_the_first/) I am now 22, and five hours from the time of posting this, I will have received a decree from the court to make it official.

It's been a long road getting here - a journey full of painful moments and sacrifices, but the fight is finally over. Today marks the beginning of my real journey, the beginning of my life as a woman. I never have to hide what is in my heart ever again.

I'm feeling a strange emotion - it's not exactly joy, but a kind of calmness or serenity. If I die now, I no longer have to worry about the thought of never having existed.

---
Update: Wow, this blew up. The deed is done! Thank you all so much for your kind comments. Even if I don't respond to everyone, I'm really happy that you care. You guys are awesome! <3
.
At 37 years old I still have a recurring dream that I've forgotten one of my college classes and haven't gone all semester.
Crazy how many people share this dream with such similarity! I should log what's going on the next time I have this dream. TIL Reddit is loaded with stressed people.
.
Do you ever feel like you're smart, but you're not *that smart*?
I am finishing up my bachelor's degree and trying to get into accredation programs for certain medical jobs, but every program only accepts like ~15 people a year. I know I'm smart, I've kept all my scholarships, but I've had a lot of anxiety about if I'm *that smart*. 

Has anyone else gone for something they haven't felt like they were really qualified for? How did it go? 
.
Need a pick-me-up? Post below and I'll give you a heartfelt compliment
It's prime Seasonal Depression season, and I know a lot of us struggle with our image over the holidays. If you're feeling down, having a rough day, or if you feel fine but could use a little smile, comment below.

I'll take a quick look through your post history and find something about you that I like. Everyone deserves a little love for being who they are.  <3

**EDIT: I have over 100 messages in my inbox. Holy crap.  I'll continue to work through responses for as long as my fingers hold out.  I love you all."**

**EDIT 2: Ok guys, I am officially tuckered out. I need to call it a day for now, as I have a meeting across town in a few hours. I will pick up tomorrow or this weekend when I have the time!  Thank you all for your love and support.**
.
I’m so happy!! I’m 96 pounds!!
I’ve been really underweight lately. My depression has stolen my appetite and almost my life. In January I weighed 89 pounds soaking wet, and I felt like I was literally dying, like my body was wasting away because I couldn’t will myself to eat. 

It took 5 whole months to get to the point I’m at now, and I want to make it to triple digits one day. I’ve literally never weighed in the triple digits before and I’m 20 years old. I’m so close, I’m so happy that I’ve been able to get through this.

Edit: thank you guys so much for all your support!! I woke up this morning to see all this and you guys have given me so much more strength and hope. I’m going to make it to 100 pounds, nothing can stop me.

Edit 2: just for info I am a woman who is 5’ 2 and I know 100 is still slightly underweight for my height but it would just feel so good to finally get there. Then I can worry about getting to a healthy BMI.
.
I'm 33 and today is my first day of college.
Edit: I definitely wasn't expecting this post to blow up in the way it did. I thank every single one of you for the words of encouragement. To the others that went back to school late and kicked it's ass, well done! To those that might be thinking about it still, just do it! You CAN do it. For those that asked about my major, I'm starting with an AA in Comp. Network Engineering and will hopefully continue for a BA. Thank you Reddit. You've made me feel a lot better about Billy Madisoning.

I'm terrified. The entire process of just registering has given me severe anxiety. I did well enough on my placement testing that my first math class is accelerated algebra. I never had good grades in HS, especially math, albeit was never for a lack of intelligence. I was 30 before I was diagnosed with ADHD and ever since that things have made a lot more sense. Even after the "diagnosis" I was always one of those skeptical ones about ADHD even being a thing because I was fairly ignorant to it in the past (Hi Mom/Dad). But now that I've see how effective treatment can be, it only upsets me that I or my parents didn't understand it when I was younger. Maybe I wouldn't have waited 15 years after HS to go to college? Shrug. Better late than never. 

Whisper sweet nothings in my ears and tell me that my anxiety is irrational :)


.
How can I be less shy online?
I use reddit a lot and have for a while (viewing and upvoting stuff, mostly memes), but I very, *very* rarely post or comment because I feel too shy all of the time whenever I think to. Even making this post was kind of hard. I'm usually not very shy in real life, so idk why I am here. I'm also generally like this anywhere online (on discord I've joined a couple public servers but then never said anything on it).

How can I become more confident online? Also is anyone else like this?

Edit: Wow this post really got a lot more attention than I expected! I already thought that the 50 upvotes and 10 comments was a lot when I went to bed, but after waking up there was a lot more. I read every comment and you guys have all helped boost my confidence with reddit (and online) a lot, so thank you.
.
I ruined a family dinner
We were eating and I talked about how some people are just plain racists, and that is when my stepfather started using the "N" word and I told him that I really don't like that word, and suddenly my whole family got hostile real quick. My mom started saying that she didn't say it in a negative way, and I just told her that I prefer not to hear anyone say that word in any meaning or form. This made her really mad and she started ranting about how she could say it, and my stepfather started ranting about how this was his house and he could say whatever.

He left the dinner table, mom also did the same.

So I am now sitting alone eating taco's by myself.

All this because I told them not to use the "N" word around me.

TLDR; Family got angry because I told them that I did not like that they used the "N" word. 
.
My Barista Knows My Name and It Made My Day
I went into the cafe i've been going to for the past 10 weeks of the semester this morning and placed my regular coffee order and sat down to wait.

A couple minutes go by and I hear "Order for _____" called out. I thank the barista, grab my coffee and leave.

Then it dawned on me, I actually didn't give the person who served me my name when I ordered. The barista, who wasn't even the one who took my order, recognised me and must remember my name and order. 

As someone who only goes in maybe twice a week at most, and only maybe half of those times being when this barista is working, it was such a pleasant surprise. It's such a small thing but it really made my day that little bit nicer. 
.
Today I got a $4/hr raise
My boss called me in for a meeting today. When I got to the meeting he bought me a coffee and then we started talking. He told me he was impressed with my work and that he was very happy to have me around. He ended up giving me a raise from 18/hr to $22/hr. I never asked for a raise so it was a nice surprise!
.
I would’ve been at the Dayton shooting
I’m sorry if this is discombobulated, my brain is all over the place but I would’ve been there but I didn’t feel like going out. My boyfriend wanted to go but I didn’t think it was going to be worth it so we stayed home and went to bed. We woke up to numerous texts and phone calls from his family, my family, our friends. And we didn’t know what happened, then my dad told me. 
     My boyfriend and I would’ve been on the patio right behind where the shooter was standing. My best friend works there, my other friends live there, and they are all safe but my heart hurts for my city. I’ve lived here all my life, I went to school down the street from the Oregon District.
     I am so thankful that police were there but why do we still allow weapons that can kill 9 people and injure dozens more in a minute? My father has guns, my boyfriend has a gun, and I’ve shot guns. They’re fun, sure. But isn’t people’s safety more important than fun?
.
I would love to meet every single person that was born on the same day as me and have a conversation with them and talk about what we’ve done with our lives and what we’ve accomplished/been through.
So any 13/11/1998 babies? 
I tried to post this on r/showerthoughts but they said this was more suitable for here, sorry if this doesn’t belong here either. ☺️
.
Just found out I have a half brother!
Mum and Dad just got back from a trip for my dads high school reunion. We are sitting at the dinner table and dad tells us he has news. I have no idea what to think but he tells us it’s nothing bad, it’s actually really exciting. He tells us about how when he was 18, before he was with my mum, that he was with another girl who he had a kid with named Kyle. 

My mind was blown, it’s something I never thought I would be told. He says the last time he saw him was when he was 10. Kyle had been through many foster families, and had a rough childhood, going through different bad stages, such as drugs. My dad had no idea about any of this and if he knew he would have helped him out. But everything is great now, and he has come out now to be a good person with a partner and 2 kids! He is looking to study in youth services/care to help people going through the same situation he went through.

Kyle had been looking for my dad his whole life and was stoked when he finally found him. The day before mum and dad left, my dad got a message along the line of “Hey do you know a lady named Andrea, did you happen to make a bad decision with her 26 years ago, I think you might be my dad.” My dad replied pretty much saying he knew about him and can’t believe he is hearing from him. 

Kyle tells my dad he cant wait to talk over the phone or even meet him. Dad goes on to tell him he is going on a trip to Canberra for his high school reunion, to which he replied that that was where he lived. It was such a crazy coincidence. So now my dads heading up to Canberra and spends a whole day with Kyle and his family. Dad showed us pictures and the both look so similar and I just couldn’t believe it. 

I’m so happy there was no bad blood from Kyle and he was just so stoked to finally meet his dad. He invited his best friend over and told just about everyone he knew. He really wants to meet me and my brother, my brother is just about 21 and I’m 18.

Mum and dad said they are going to plan a trip for us to go meet Kyle and his family and I just can’t wait, I’m so excited, dad said we would get along so well. 
.
I think headlights from oncoming cars are often too bright and can be a driving hazard at night.
Is anyone else routinely temporarily blinded by headlights from other cars on the road? It seems that headlights are getting brighter on average (I have no idea if that’s true). Or maybe I’m getting old. Either way, these wildly bright lights make it damned hard to see the road sometimes. 
.
After my 5th attempt, I finally passed my driving exam.
Feels so good! I've been trying to get this for years. I'm 23 and its been a real strain on my confidence and self belief, not having my drivers license. However, from today I'm officially licensed and never need to worry about this again. 
.
My grandma has had dental problems for years but now got her teeth done so she's sending pics around to everyone
Its kinda cute actually.

Shame she's been struggling with her health in general for a long time, being unable to afford medical care.

Recently, she got onto a medical aid scheme with some veterans association or something because of her service in the army so now she's getting care for her asthma, diabetes, and also her dental care.

For a while now she's been unwilling to even leave the house because she had to have some teeth removed. Apparently she got her teeth done today and so she's sending around pics showing off her smile to everyone in the family.
.
My grandmother just won $1,000,000 with 5 of the winning numbers last night.
Shes in her mid 70's and sells text books to schools. She's been delivering them herself for decades and has been working practically every day of her life up to this point. She finally has a reason to stop and smell the roses, I'm not sure how to congratulate her other than giving her a hug and telling her I love her. 

Edit: This post made me feel good to know many people care about those that do win and show concern towards them, it saddens me to say she did not stay quiet and my mother did in fact (at my grandmothers request) invited many friends and family members to a "lotto winning" party. I advised against it, and was berated and asked (by my sister) to "STFU literally, if you don't want to be involved leave the group text."

I'm proud of my grandma, and wish her the best. And thanks to everyone for their kind and heartfelt words, stay frosty Reddit!
.
Crawling out of poverty.
I've finally done it. 

I'm 18 and have just finally been able to move out of the favelas.

Now I'm not making anything impressive money wise but I'm proud of myself.

Three months ago. I got my first phone. 

A month ago I put a deposit on a one bedroomed flat. 

I have enough to pay my student loan for university. 

I move in in three days.

I know it seems like so little. But for someone who's had nothing. This feels like the world to me. 



Edit: Thanks everyone for your kind words. Should I do an AMA on this sub?

Edit 2: Damn. Thanks so much everyone. I cannot stress how much I thank all of you. 
.
Anyone else think all Marvel movies are kinda the same?
There's some quality to them sure, but they are pretty much the same formula in terms of script, jokes, special effects. I'm fine with watching couple superhero movies a year, but by this point I thought people would grow tired of them. However it's not the case and this movies keep coming and coming in a more increasing pace each year. 

After watching last avengers I was serriously baffled people consider this a good movie. I'm pretty sure one day people will wake up after countless superhero movies like from a bad hangover and it will be over, just like a decade when hollywood only made musicals which are now mostly forgotten with exception of couple movies.
.
I always associated numbers with genders as a kid.
1, 2, 4, 6, 7, 8 and 0 are masculine. 3,5 and 9 are feminine.

I could never figure out why, until today, when I realized that it's because of the cartoon Codename: Kid's Next Door.
.
My mean cat is finally accepting me
We have a cat who's really sweet and nice to everyone except me, he likes to be pet and be held and cuddle. Every time he is hungry he gets impatient and bites and scratches me. He usually sleeps in my parents room overnight, but since a month or so he accompanies me in my room. He doesn't want to be pet, but he lies on my bed, even when I am asleep (!). He doesn't act like he hates me anymore. Don't get me wrong he doesn't 'love' me like other people, but he tolerates me. Kinda like a roommate. We don't interact much but it is nice to be accompanied. Him tolerating me makes me really happy.
.
A Redditor from India reached out to me for help with English
At first, when this person contacted me, I thought they were doing it as a joke, but after asking for help with an issue they were having with English, we had a short discussion about why certain things are as they are in the English language. They mentioned it just being something of a shot in the dark after I asked them why they contacted me. I invited them to ask me questions any time they needed to, despite our time difference. This is the internet it its most pure form: just one person casually being able to connect with another on the opposite side of the world.
.
Ringing the bell at the front desk of any business makes me feel like an ass hole.
There's just something about it that makes me feel like I'm being rude. I would honestly rather just wait for somebody to notice me than ring the bell or yell for someone. I've seen other people ring bells and 90% of the time the person who approaches the counter has an annoyed look on their face. And yeah you could probably chalk that up to bad service but I still don't want to make somebody irrationally upset with me right off the bat. Does anybody else feel this way?
.
I highly recommend having a penpal
I (I'm a guy by the way) met her through Tumblr after I uploaded a video me singing a song on YouTube.

She reblogged/shared my video, and since Tumblr notified me, I decided to say hello.

We bonded over certain anime, TV shows and fandoms.

In fact, we talked so much that Tumblr would limit us.

Because we had so much to talk about, I asked if we could be penpals, writing letters to each other across the Atlantic Ocean (she was from the USA, I was from the UK).

We built a system. 2 versions of our letters: one was bulky and typed up, the most we have had is around 12-15 pages long from each of us.

**And, this is the fun part:**

There was a 2nd letter, which was completely handwritten. 

**She said it was a way for us to convey how we truly felt, and that was by using handwriting.**

We have kept this up for 2 years now, adding presents such as necklaces and charms, Polaroid pictures, poetry, mixed CDs to share music, etc.

We also talk quite regularly on Skype, and often for hours on end. Or play Stardew Valley.

And we have met each other once in real life! 

Here's to finally seeing each other again and writing more letters.

**I highly recommend having a penpal, it's an amazing way to share your life.**

EDIT: Sending DMs to you to see unique and different advice has been super fun. I am reading each and every one of them. :)

Thank you.
.
Just got a call from a blocked number; Was the best call I've gotten in awhile.
Driving home from work, I got a call from a "Number Unknown" caller. Thinking it was some telemarketer I was about to rip a new one for calling at 10:00PM ish, I was really surprised when all the sudden *Let It Go* from the Frozen soundtrack started playing. 

So I let it play. I let it play through the whole song. Throughout the song I obviously had to sing along. It's an amazing song. Occasionally I heard some giggling and the scattered "Shhhh" letting me know there was indeed human life on the other end of the phone. 

Finally, the song ended, and I heard "Than--" before the call ended. 

Anyone else have any awesome stories about phone calls they weren't expecting that went an unexpected direction?

**Edit** wow! Front page lol. Thanks /r/casualconversation! You guys are awesome! 

**Golden Edit** Wow, thank you to the generous Gold-Giver! 
.
Today I brought my own straws to a restaurant and a friend of mine thought it was ridiculous
They are washable stainless steel straws, in order to avoid using plastic straws.  I’m trying really hard to reduce my plastic consumption in general.  The friend that was with me spent the rest of the night making fun of me, trying to debunk the efficacy of my choices, and in general trying to convince me that plastic and the convenience it creates is actually good. 

I’m really baffled that this day and age, and educated person under 40 actually thinks trying to improve ones habits with regard to the environment is a bad thing.   Am I in the minority here? I’m not perfect, but at least I’m trying. 

Edit: thanks for all the conversation.  I appreciate all perspectives.   Just to clarify, I am not taking any moral high ground on anything, im just taking baby steps to reduce my personal consumption of plastic. And yes my friend and I tease each other frequently and it's normal.   I'm not ending the friendship over it, I just found it odd how seriously he took it.   I'm just here for the 'casual conversation' and i really enjoy everyone's contribution
.
I got lucky tonight
This happened just a few minutes ago. Imagine this: it's 1am, you're hungry as hell and drunk as fuck. The fridge is literally empty and the nearby shop won't open for another 6 hours. All the fast food places that are open at this hour are too far away.

That was me. So I went into the kitchen and searched through every single cabinet. When I was about to open the last one I had lost hope. That's why I had to do a double take when I peeked inside. There were two packs of beef noodles in the darkest corner of the cabinet. The cheapest noodles available have never looked that good. 

The water is about to boil and my hunger will be satisfied. I got so lucky.
.
It’s 'per se' not 'persay'/'per say'!
I somehow saw a dozen people on Reddit writing this wrong today and just needed to throw this in the round, because I get the need to be a smartass, but then I don’t correct them and now it’s in the back of my head and that’s why I made this. 

Probably the wrong sub, but it really irks me that so many people write such simple things so wrong. 
.
My Guinea pig just did a running jump onto my lap for the first time
I feel so happy! Pretty sure she only did it because she knows that’s a sure way to get a treat but still. I’m so happy! My piggies didn’t have a very nice start to life and it feels great that they starting to trust me at least a little bit. One definitely more so than the other. No idea why. For some reason she seems to have become more trusting of me after she had her babies recently. 

One comes willingly to my lap. Just need to win over the other one now...

Anyone have any Guinea pig stories or tips?
.
I’m no longer a homeless Veteran!
I was in the Army for 9 years.  I went straight to Afghanistan after training for a year, then on to Egypt where I was in Cairo for the second Revolution.

I did Military Funeral Honors for a year, then taught as an instructor to teach the new Soldiers how to do their job for 3 years.

Fill in the space not listed as time spent behind a desk loving life enjoying the Army.

In 2017 after 9 years in I got a bit jaded.  The Army changed from a force of action to a force of (who can Impress the General by mowing grass the best). 

I decided I had done my term and I’d take a shot on the outside.

Boy was that a mistake...I bounced from Atlanta to Boston to Charlotte.  Back to Atlanta and now I’m in Wichita KS.

Having the specialty in the Army that I had is not very relatable in the civilian world.  

The point of this post isn’t asking for sympathy.  It’s encouragement!  

I had undiagnosed issues both physically and mentally from my time in Afghanistan and Egypt.

Having people try to kill you on a daily basis for over 2 years apparently isn’t good for you lol.

I was lost and didn’t have a dime to my name.

Now I’ve been going to the VA for some time now but as soon as I told them I had been sleeping in my car (I was trying to keep that a secret because of stupid pride and shit).  My social worker literally stopped what she was doing, got on the phone and got me a place to stay for 2 months free while I built up some cash at my job so I was stable.

I cried right in front of her.  Like pretty bad lol I was so happy.

It’s been 3 weeks since then.  I’m still kicking ass at my new job (Offered a managers position out east).

And the Salvation Army gave me EVERYTHING I need for a new apt.  You name it.  Bed, couch, TV, silverware, pots and pans, etc.

I’m on my feet again boys and girls and it’s because I had good services and good people in my corner.

I know this is casual conversation but I’m just so excited.  If anyone has any questions about the process I had to go through or if you know a Veteran that’s struggling let’s talk.

Or we can talk Baseball that’s ok too.

EDIT:  I love all of you.  You’re amazing.  I’m trying to respond to everyone but im getting an error on mobile.

Every single person will get a reply.  Just remember...

Life is always good.  Even when it hits you in the face it’s still good.  We always bounce back if we have the right mindset.
.
I met someone on reddit!
If she wants to identify herself in the comments, she can. I posted in r4r to make a friend but i get nervous about meeting strangers.

As an adult, and autistic, its been hard for me to make friends or find people to talk to. We kind of waxed poetic on that. We also found out we live very close to eachother. She works next door to the building im working in. Weve spoken for a week or so on discord and then i finally stopped where she works after work. 

It was really nervewracking and i was worried id look weird but i smiled at her when i walked in
 She smiled back but she gets paid to do that.

She works in the service industry so i went and made my related request and she looked like she recognized me. It felt like we dodged it for a min and then she said, "im sorry you look familiar!" 

i said, "i am familiar!"

It was such a neat little meeting and she was really good at her job!

Edit: a few people seem to think im a man! I am a woman engaged to a man and the encounter i had with the redditor was super platonic!
.
In a almost totally empty movie theater, a guy sat right next to me, and asked me if I could move over to someplace else for a friend. And I couldn't muster the courage to answer with a simple 'No'.
Only 2 other seats were occupied in the entire theater, and the guy sat right next to me(since I had booked the middle ones) and said he wanted to sit in the middle and asked me to move. I felt so powerless that I quietly disappeared into the shadows. The worse part was, both the seats were actually mine(I had booked 2 seats due to a promo offer, however I was watching alone) and I still couldn't sit where I wanted to. 

It's just the worst and a very emasculating feeling.
I don't know why I complied. Or why I even should. The guy wasn't talking rudely to me or ordering me like a bully(I am actually quite fit, not ripped, broad shoulders, good height, avg width) but I suddenly got too chicken to say a simple 'No'. Has anyone been in a similar situation? Why so you think so? 

*Edited

*Edit- Thanks to everyone who replied! I can't reply to everyone, but I'm trying to read all comments I can between my short study breaks.
.
I was with a friend when he passed away on Tuesday. Last night I left his memorial service and found his first and last names on Coke bottles next to each other at the store. Let's talk about weird coincidences.
You know how Coke puts names on bottles these days? I don't know what the statistical chances of this were but I imagine they had to have been quite low. I'm not superstitious and yet I admit it gave me chills. I took pictures of them at the store and then purchased them just because... I don't know, it seemed like I should.

Would you like to share your strange coincidences?
.
Anyone else have long conversations with people in their head?
I imagine myself having long, drawn out conversations with people I know. This usually goes on for hours at a time. I'll talk to them and they'll say something, and it just goes back and forth. The thing is, though, that whenever I come back and I try to continue the conversation, I can't. It's like waking up from a dream and trying to go back to sleep to finish it. So I sometimes subconsciously start a new conversation with a new person, and just talk with them.

I usually talk about my life and they'll tell me theirs and I'll imagine myself giving tea and what not. I talk about music and stuff like that. It happens a lot. Anyone have any similar experiences? Thoughts on this?
.
I just got a job in the funniest way
I'm still attending university and am pursuing my Bachelor's in finance. Last August, because of a very lucky turn of events, I was given a finance and accounting internship at a company. I gained a lot of experience mostly in AP and AR, I used and got comfortable with software that is the industry standard, I did chargebacks, I even picked up client care and sales experience. This August I was let go from the company along with the rest of my fellow interns. 


I looked for a job immediately. The issue was most companies wanted someone who already had a degree. For three weeks I heard nothing. I needed my resume to stand out somehow. I had good experience but the lack of a degree was hurting me. "Let's be funny," I thought. So on the very last line of my resume, I added "Can skillfully perform a wide array of different animal noises." Friends and family tried to advise me against it but I listened to my gut. 

I got a call. At the end my my interview my interviewer says, "So what about these animal noises?" I told her I do a great monkey, cat, dog, and various birds. She asked if I could do a duck because one of her coworkers did a duck really well. Anyway, she said my noises were the only reason she called me in. As we spoke though, she started to realize that I actually knew what I was doing and talking about and ended up feeling really good about me. A few days later I got a call. I'm now a junior accountant at a larger company and I'm crazy excited. 

Thanks for reading guys! 

EDIT: People want to hear noises... Tonight I'll give them to you! 

DOUBLE EDIT: Thanks so much to all of you who are congratulating me and wishing me luck it honestly means so much to me! 

TRIPLE EDIT, OP DELIVERS: http://vocaroo.com/i/s0TTvjFE5nAa
.
Is it me, or is a lot of reddit just not nice or jerks?
I'm not talking about around this subreddit, just around a lot of the communities. It's horrible

Edit: Oh boy, i never thought i'd receive an outpouring of comments! Thanks to everyone for your suggestions, I will definitely put them to use! (2) r/CasualConversation, i really cannot thank you all enough 👌
.
So who else feels compelled to go outside on nice days but has literally nothing to do?
I've just been cuddling my cat all day so not too bad to be honest.

I was meant to go flying this morning, beautiful weather but strong winds so that got cancelled.

I've been looking out at the sunshine all day feeling like it's my duty to go do something but I live in heck-flip-nowhere and there's nothing to do. I didn't wanna go on a bike ride without a purpose, either.
.
I'm having a shitty Christmas and I want just want to wish a merry christmas to everyone who's going through the same!
Merry Christmas first of all!

Remember better times are coming and if you think life can't get any worse remember that that also means it can only get better!

You're not alone I'm with you!

Edit: I fucked up the title.
.
My phone corrected duck to fuck and I feel like the king of technology
I'm a salty fella that enjoys using his sentence enhancers. And, as many of you know, most cell phones auto correct the word fuck to duck. Well, today the reverse happened and my phone finally realized that I don't have any grapes and said no more to the duck. :)
.
Found out last night my wife has been cheating since we started dating
We were playing Monopoly with some friends and she was stealing from the bank the whole game. I called her out on it and she ended up telling me she has been doing it since we started dating 7 years ago. It wasn't exclusive to Monopoly either: Cards against humanity, Connect Four, Taboo, even video games... Her moto is if she isn't cheating then she isn't trying.

I don't know how she lives with herself. 
.
Today I saw a kid in the hallway take out a full box of cereal from his locker
And he just leaned against his locker, stuck his hand in and started eating it. In the hallway, just casually fitting handfuls of cereal in his mouth 

Idk why you did what you did but stay hungry cereal guy. Stay hungry 

Edit: This had like six upvotes when I went to sleep but then I woke up with 900 what is going on 
.
I'm seeing a movie by myself for the first time in my life. I'm already loving it!
I have really bad social anxiety and it stops me from doing things solo a lot. This past week has been really awful for me so I finally said, "Screw it, I'm doing something for me today."  I am seeing Ready Player One and am the only one in the movie theater. This may become my new thing. :)

Edit: Oh my gosh this blew up unexpectedly! Ready Player One was absolutely awesome and such a nostalgia trip! Eileen said that aside from Deadpool and Star Wars, this has been one of her favorite movies as of late. I want to be like her when I grow up.

Thank you for your kind words and encouragement everyone! It was awesome doing a solo movie experience and I am searching for my next adventure!

Second edit: Okay so my scatterbrained self forgot to say to the newcomers to the thread that Eileen is mentioned in the first response to the first comment. She is a wonderful sweet woman who saw RP1 when her husband wouldn't see it with her. She and I sat close to each other and it really helped me come out of my shell more and not be so anxious about being alone. We need more Eileens on the world.
.
I love it when I’m watching a show or movie and it takes place somewhere I’ve lived or been and I can recognize landmarks and things
Just started Mindhunter and I’m on episode two and it takes place in Santa Cruz! A bar that they meet at is called the Jury Room and it’s been down the street from the courthouse as long as I can remember and the show got the sign right and everything. I’m alone so i could only explain it to my dog and cat but it’s just a cool feeling to recognize those things! 

Has anyone else from a smallish town had it featured in a show and got really excited?! 
.
Did you ever notice that "butt/booty" and "dial/call" are synonyms, until they are grouped together?
For instance, if I butt dial someone, he'd probably hear what the inside of my pocket sounds like. 

But I would never say that one of those mysterious inner-pocket calls was a booty call. 

These things interest me on Tuesday mornings. 

I say, for now on, when you regrettably/drunkenly text that girl/guy at 2:00 A.M....You can tell your friends it was simply a butt dial! 
.
feeling a little lonely
hi! i’ve had a bit of a tough week but i’ve started going though this sub more and found so much comfort in this little place you guys have. i really hope anyone reading this has a good day/night, you all deserve it :)
.
Saw a dude being awesome this morning and it made my day.
I was on the way to work this morning at 6:45ish  and as it was Friday and I’ve been working on an especially difficult and time-sensitive project, I’ll admit I was a little salty. Especially since I slept poorly and woke up too late to make coffee.

So as I’m sitting at a red light, I see this dude on foot walking on the path next to the road, and he’s in a fast food restaurant uniform carrying a nondescript plastic shopping bag with a tupperware in it. As I’m watching I realize he’s got his earbuds in and he’s singing along. Suddenly he stops and starts wheeling his arms around and rips into a face-melting air guitar solo! I laughed like an idiot, and he saw me and gave me a thumbs up, and I gave him the devil horns gesture and he looked so pleased.

That’s when I thought to myself; this dude is working an early-morning shift at a fast food gig and carrying his leftovers to work because he’s either too broke to afford to eat at his own restaurant, or he’s making healthier choices. And he’s stoked. If this guy can make the best of his situation and have a positive attitude, what right do I have to be salty about my situation?

I adjusted my attitude and ended up having a pretty great day.

Wherever you are fast food air guitarist, keep being awesome. You inspire me; and the world is a little bit richer for having you in it.
.
I’m in a restaurant with my family and everyone is on their phone so I figured I’d pull mine out as well.


I’m in a Indian restaurant in Vancouver writing this. The food still didn’t come I’m hoping it turns out good, i read a lot of reviews. 

I wasn’t intending on writing something on reddit is sort of just happened as I am thinking about how weak my karma is.

Tell me about your day and give me some karma please, have a nice day !
 
.
My country just promised to end its war that's been going on for roughly 60 years.
My friend just texted me saying that the war is over. I didn't believe him at first, but apparently, it's true. Of course, it's not like South and North Korea are going to unify anytime soon and declaration made today definitely could go awry. But it's a step towards progress nonetheless.
.
Ever woke up from a great dream depressed ?
So, I dreamt about falling in love, something that I accepted the fact that it won't happen anytime sooner, I just couldn't get myself to exit my bed

Shit got me fucked up for the entirety of my day


Edit: thanks everyone, this is the first post to exceed 100 upvotes, thanks everybody

.
Stefan is cancer free and i'm happy.
What made you happy today?
.
I love autumn so fucking much
I just love how dark and rainy it gets! It just makes me feel so good inside
.
I have zero memory of anything I was never interested in.
Things I'm supposed to know, I never can because it was never intriguing to me in the first place. I just dont get how people who work in offices, or corporate settings are able to store tons of mind-numbing information in their heads and present or talk about them at a moments notice. For me, that information has to interest me first for me to ever remember it. 

This thought came up because I just got a job working at a contract research organization. As I'm going through the training seminars, powerpoints, and reference documents, I realize I'll never be able to recall or remember any of this shit because of how dry and boring this shit is to me. I then had a harsh realization that I remember little to nothing of anything I learned from my courses at college, and start to wonder how I even graduated. 

Anyone else ever feel this way? I'm assuming no, with enough information repetition and training, anybody can recall any memory. But I just cant.
.
I just checked off one of my minor long-term goals in life that I had more or less given up on.
For the last 10 or 15 years I had always wanted to see someone using a monocle in real life.   
I don't remember where this desire originally came from but I would have been in high school at the time.    
It couldn't be a part of a costume, or someone 'ironically' using one to be trendy; it had to be an old man or woman going about their daily life with a genuine use of a monocle.    

Usually I don't do my grocery shopping until late in the evening. I'm not particularly fond of crowded places and there's far fewer people doing a shop at 8 or 9pm.   
I have a lot to get done this evening, so I had to get it out of the way earlier in the day. I figured 2:30 in the afternoon would be perfect; well after lunchtime and just before the supermarket goes apeshit with screaming kids having just been picked up from school. 

I zipped around and grabbed everything on my list and made my way to the checkout where I sidled up behind a sweet old guy pushing 90 years old and started unloading my basket... 

And then it happened. 

The cashier printed the guy's receipt and handed it to him.  
It fluttered in his unsteady hands as he squinted at it for a few moments and then reached into his fleece jacket and pulled out what I thought was just a magnifying glass. 

He lodged it in his brow and started going over his receipt.   

It didn't even register with me at first but then I double-taked when I realised what was going on.   
Such a beautiful moment that I'd been on the lookout for for over a decade. 

I could get hit by a bus tomorrow and I'd be completely fine with it.  

.
Anyone else hate their birthdays because it only makes you realize how lonely you are?
I don't have anyone around me to celebrate my b'day with. I plan to go to a nice restaurant for dinner (to treat myself), but on my own. I don't think it's sad. I find it perfectly fine. But this whole day kinda sucks, because it just makes me realize that I don't have any close friends to enjoy this special day with

EDIT: Thank you reddit...seriously from the bottom of my heart, thank you. 
This whole experience taught me that I am responsible for my own happiness, and I should never rely or depend on others for it.I need to value myself, to love myself, and to care for myself more than ANYONE else, and need to first think about myself before someone else. I deserve to be valued, and no one can make me feel that I am anything less.  
I went to the dinner all by myself, and it was refreshing (and delicious, of course). I felt much better after it. Thank you all for your warm wishes. It wasn't the best of my birthdays, but one that I will always remember because it taught something so valuable that I will never forget and tend to carry for the rest of my life :)
.
I doubt it matters, but I'm actually proud of myself for resisting the urge to order junk food lastnight
I seriously had some *major* cravings lastnight, from Chinese food to eventually landing on pizza. I was in my room, already in the process of ordering pizza on my phone... and then just decided not to.

It was a really weird feeling, to be honest. I didn't decide "Actually it doesn't sound *that* good after all". I was *intensely* craving it, to the point I felt like I could actually picture how it *tastes* in my mind. And I remember thinking "Well, if you can remember how it *tastes*, that's probably a super bad sign and I've clearly not gone long enough since eating it".

So, I couldn't find anything at home I felt like eating, so I literally just forced myself to go to bed, to avoid eating out.

It's a small, stupid thing, but I'm honestly kind of proud of myself. I've never been able to resist food cravings like that, so waking up this morning, I felt like I already had a minor "win" under my belt, which is kind of a nice feeling.

Now, I just need to keep this up for the rest of the year, and maybe I'll be at a weight I'm happy with...
.
Today's my 13th birthday and I have nobody to celebrate it with
Todays my 13th bday, and my mom has work the entire day, she isnt able to get a vacation day, I have no brothers or sisters so I cant do anything with them.
(btw I was born 3:30 PM, march 23 2004)

edit: Thanks for all the bday wishes!

edit^2: this post made it to the 2nd page on all of reddit my life is complete

Edit^3: Whoever gave me the gold thank you so much <3

Edit^4: Whoever reported me for "being underaged" or "trolling" needs to ALT+F4. The minimum age for reddit is *13*.

edit^5: Thanks for making this one of my best bdays ever reddit :D 

edit^6: Thanks /u/sloppyFarts for the gold <3
.
I went on a second date last night. Our first date was 15 years ago.
We went to the same high school freshman year, then different schools for the other 3 years.  Sophomore year she asked me to her Homecoming dance and we went and had a good time but nothing ever came of it.  Recently we connected on a dating app, and went out for our "second date" last night.  It was pretty great.
.
I just found out the subreddit /r/chicken came before the subreddit /r/egg.
/r/chicken = 5 years
/r/egg = 4 years

Isn't that delightful? 

What delightful facts/observations about life/yourself/whatsgoingon can you share with me? 


.
I'm seriously laughing my butt off right now
I got a text message on Wednesday from some guy who says he found my resume (didn't say where) and they wanted to interview me for an administrative assistant position (which is what I'm currently looking for). So, I say, sure, no problem, I "sign up" for an interview slot for Friday at 2 p.m., but receive no response. Whatever, says I, I move on with my day. Another guy that I've added to my contacts on Google Hangouts (which is where the interview was taking place) messages me at 7:00 a.m. on Saturday. I wake up to see that I've missed his message. Then there is a text message that I see that was sent at 7:30 from the first guy telling me to reschedule. 

&#x200B;

Fine, I reschedule for Noon. By 12:45 p.m., I move on with my day. I'm at an estate sale, scored a nice bike for my boyfriend for Christmas (for $20!), when I get a Hangouts message. "Oh, sorry for the delay" blah blah blah. Fine, make him wait 10 minutes while I finish my transaction, and head to my car to "interview". Finish that, he says they'll be back to me by the end of the day. Great. 

&#x200B;

I get a letter for an offer of employment. Great pay, good bennies, work from home until they complete their move into the Tucson area, sounds great. I sign and email back. But, I've got all kinds of little warning flags flying around. I decide to wait this out. This morning, the payout came. The "accountant" needs me to set up an Apple account so that I can get the things I need to set up my home office until we can get into the office property. I say, okay, but I don't have one. No worries, they'll set it up, but I need to go get an iTunes card for $100.

&#x200B;

I fell out of my chair laughing. No way. Not happening. I said, no, sorry, I don't have $100. He counters, do you have $50? I wish I had sent him a Loch Ness Monster meme about $3.50, but that came to mind later. I said, no, sorry, I don't. Thanks for the opportunity, but I think I'll pass.

&#x200B;

How's your Monday going?

&#x200B;

&#x200B;
.
I just donated to wikipedia for the first time ever.
I've had to stare at that donation banner off and on for like 10 years. I remember when you had to buy encyclopedia's for $100s of dollars that contained <1% of the information on that site. I have no excuses this time. I have a good job, plenty of disposable money that I'm just going to use on beer, and I'm on that site every day. Facebook, Google, and Reddit have made tons of money off of me for years and Wiki has never made a dime despite what it's given me. It was time.
.
I just realised that I adjust my accent depending on who I'm speaking to
I've found that if I'm talking to an older lady then I'll slightly turn up the posh, if I'm talking to a bit of a laddish or younger man then I slightly turn up the acquaintance vs stranger (I work in retail so more "hows it going buddy?" as opposed to "everything okay sir?"). I have found myself mimicking someone's accent a few times (fortunately not while at work)

I'm from Cambridge in England. I would say it's not quite the stereotypical English accent you often hear people impersonating in movies, but definitely close to that.  

I'm wondering if you consider yourself to have an accent? I don't think I do but that's probably because I'm surrounded by this accent every day.
.
I hate when people say they're "a little OCD".
I know a lot of people will be like "it's just words, who cares" but as someone who's suffered from severe OCD for 20 years, 2/3 of my life, it really kind of bothers me. 

I feel like there's more misconceptions about OCD than most other mental illnesses.  People think it's a quirk or a personality trait.  People think being a bit anal retentive about something is being "a little OCD", or that liking things neat or being able to match things is OCD.

The reality is much worse.  It's intrusive thoughts that will not get out of your head plaguing you all day every day.  It's doing absolutely crazy stuff that makes no sense to try to feel safe and make the thoughts go away.

I do absolutely absurd stuff in my daily life.  Most my compulsions revolve around body movements so I'm constantly tapping my fingers, rolling my eyes, bending my knees, spreading my toes, all sorts of wacky things and I can't stop.  I get so nervous in public because I worry I look like a lunatic and that people are staring at me.  Then I obsess over that.  I get intrusive thoughts about my family dying, nuclear war coming, my boyfriend leaving me, and they won't ever get out of my head.  That's just the tip of the iceberg.

I wish people understood it more and were more open to being educated on it.  Someone in a subreddit I frequent mentioned someone being "a little OCD" and when I said "hey, as someone with OCD that's not right at all" I got downvoted.  I guess it's hard for most people to understand and relate to so they don't care.

What do you guys think?
.
I got my prosthetics today!!
I'm so excited!! I got in an accident a while ago and had to wait to get my right leg prosthetic due to it healing up funny but TODAY I GOT LEGS!!! 

I tried walking between parallel bars and it went amazingly – my doctor said I'm walking on my first try the way a lot of people do after 8 or so weeks. I feel like I'm going to be getting back to a normal life way faster than I thought.

It feels amazing to be able to get up and scoot around the house with a walker, get in the car with both feet, wear shoes again (I'm a total shoe whore). This is honestly one of the best days of my life. I just had to share with someone – I can't stop grinning. :) 
.
I passed my driving test :)
I'm so happy right now. I was so nervous and had been for a week straight. She told me that everything else was fine but I did go over the speed limit once.

Tell me about your experiences if you've been to one before. How did it go and how did you feel?
.
It makes me happy when, even in the most aggressive Reddit debates, neither person downvotes the other
I just got in (and am still in) a very heated debate that's gotten a bit personal, but it makes me happy the fact that neither of us are downvoting each other, just calling each other idiots in more elaborate ways.
.
There's something magical about airports at night.
It's the excitement. Being there at 1-4 a.m. is special. You feel energetic even if you haven't slept. It's so quiet there yet there are people there. After leaving your luggage you just wait there for the gate to open. Just chill, maybe buy a drink/something to eat and watch people/planes pass by. Pure magic I say.
.
I caught someone checking me out and it felt really good.
I'm a heavier set male college student whose been working on his weight since the beginning of the year. Now I'm on vacation and have been eating a ton and not exercising much and have felt bad about it. Today, though, I went out to get a coffee at a local restaurant and a girl sitting a table looked over at me. Over the course of waiting for my coffee I caught her staring at me multiple times. For a less attractive guy this little interaction made me feel really good, as menial as it may be.
.
Im at home waiting for a robber
So my girlfriend is on night shift and there was a break in that stole her keys and documents with our home address. It's 2:37 am in Melbourne and I'm sitting in the hallway with a bat waiting for someone to rock up. I'm just here to stay awake until morning. 

EDIT:

So my partner is home, and she's off shift and the locksmith has come and gone. I'm going to try and get some sleep. Thank you all for keeping me company!

EDIT 2:

Its now 8am, we're still alive and didn't hear anything. What we reckon happened is that my gf and her work partner got back to their branch while the place was being robbed and scared them off, so they only got her keys. We also reckon that the robbers were some actual scrotes because they left big handprints and didn't bother picking up any actual money leaving around or taking the cat. Likely, they couldn't be bothered making the walking to the house. I'm still in bed but I'm gonna check my setup but I doubt I'm going to find anything. 

EDIT 3:

Alright, the whole thing has been resolved, so I can give you the whole story. I was being intentionally vague for security. My GF is a paramedic and was working night shift when there was a break in at her branch. They arrived when the perp was still there so they called the local police who stormed and cleared the building. When she realized that the keys and documents were missing, a unit was sent to the house and she called me to let me know. Her car (not cat) was fine and not stolen, but was towed and the ambulance insurance is handling that. The police (bless their hearts) called around for a locksmith while my gf organized insurance and a statement. I was meanwhile setting up noisemakers and wedging shut doors to prevent entry. She came home early and the locksmith had everything replaced by 4am. We got some sleep and this morning, the crime lab looked at the crime scene and car, and there were some good boot impressions and finger prints. Theres a halfway house nearby and so the police got an ID, served an arrest warrant and found the guy (just the one) with a bunch of stolen stuff from the branch. No keys unfortunately. Huge shout-out to all you for keeping me company for the couple of hours I was sitting in my hall alone, and to the Police for getting the fucker so quickly. It's a shame we didn't get the keys for the peace of mind, but everything would have to be rekeyed anyway, so it's six of one half dozen of the other. 


.
Prank phone call reunites a long estranged family!
This happened around 25 years ago in the early 90's when I was in my mid-twenties; so we are talking largely pre caller ID, pre internet, pre cell phone, etc.

I was living and working in a small city in northern California’s central valley in a retail furniture store selling mostly bedroom furniture, mattresses, waterbeds (yes! Still into the 1990’s!), etc.  We were a medium sized store with a staff of around 5-6 salesmen and a warehouse worker.  Anyone who has sold retail furniture will tell you that you will have large periods of downtime when literally no one comes through your front door, not even to wander the isles and waste your time, just nothing.  As a result of this time can really drag and you will often look for ways to entertain and amuse yourself and your coworkers.  Our store had a multiline phone system and we used to play what we called connections.  Connections would consist of scanning through the white or yellow pages and choosing two victims based on a shared similar trait; for the white pages it would usually be an uncommon last name (expecting that they might be related); for the yellow pages it would be connecting two business that are part of the same franchise or work in the same industry.  On this particular day, we chose an uncommon last name from the white pages, that last name was (for the purposes of our story) Harkness.  The first names we chose were Elmer and Jakob.  With names like that, how could we not?  So, I am sure you know where this is going, it’s a very simple premise;  call Elmer on line one, quickly put him on hold before it rings, go to line two, call Jakob and conference the two calls together and wait for hilarity to ensue!  
Line one picked up first, it was Elmer.  He said “Hello?” in a very raspy old smoker’s voice.  The other line was answered in perfect timing, and answered not by Jakob, no, but by his son, Joey who was no more than 6 years old.  When these calls start, there is often confusion, sometimes anger, sometimes humor.  In this instance neither party ever realized that neither placed the call, and confusion quickly turned into something else.  They exchanged a few words and Elmer asked Joey if his Dad’s name was Jakob; Yes Joey said.  I will never forget how Elmer responded “Joey, I am your grandpa.  Your dad and I don’t really get along so I have never had the chance to meet you” Grandpa Elmer? Joey replied….
They began speaking sharing stories and within five minutes Elmer had his wife on the phone, Joey had his Dad on the phone, and all involved were bawling, haven broken a silence that we came to learned had been in place for more than 10 years.  The conversation carried on for more than 35 minutes, we sat in silence just listening as this huge family rift was healed through the random act of a silly prank phone call.  I often wonder if they ever got around to who-called-who?  I like to think they did, and when it became clear that neither party placed the call, I like to think they are in awe and wonder of the universe, not some bored waterbed salesmen!

.
Someone just told me that I have a voice that is very pleasant to listen to, and it's made my day!
I'm a 17 year old male with a higher than average voice which I'm sometimes secretly quite self-conscious about.

However, today a very nice girl told me that I had a voice that was very nice and soothing to listen to, and it has really boosted my mood, made me think much higher of said girl, and helped me get over that tiny insecurity entirely. 

I guess what I'm trying to say here is that you should go out of your way to compliment people, even if it may seem awkward, because it may actually make that person's day, as well as make them like you. Have a wonderful day everyone!
.
I asked out a girl I like at work
Turns out she's a lesbian.

Such is life.
.
Holy shit you guys, I just graduated college !!!
!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Honestly I feel like I'm dreaming!!!! 5 years of so much ups and downs and I just !!!!!!!!!!!!! I fucking did it!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

I can't wait to start having nightmares about missing finals and midterms only to wake up and realize it was just a dream, like this past year that's what I've been looking forwards to the most !!!

oof....I don't know if this quite belongs here, but this sub is like the happiest place I know on Reddit....

Edit: !!!!!!! This got way more attention than I expected!!!! Thank you guys !!!

Edit^(2): Okay I went to sleep last night thinking it died down, so I will try and respond to all the new comments!!!
.
I'm pretty sure sarcasm isn't a unique personality trait
"I'm fluent in sarcasm" or "sarcasm is the body's natural defense against stupid" or "thought my child wasn't related to me until she said something sarcastic!"

I don't think I've ever met someone who wasn't sarcastic. It's basically a natural progression in basic human language skills. It's even worse when someone says that sarcasm means you're of higher intellect. No, it demonstrates that you don't have an IQ of 40 and can detect nuance in somebody's tone of voice. Lately people are trying to pass off totally normal human traits as special and I'm pretty much over it.
.
Karma makes me kinda happy, I don’t know ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
I’ve never before experienced the satisfaction of receiving likes or reposts or snaps(?).

Karma may be lame and unimportant to most, but it’s the only currency I’ve got and I fucking love it. 

& I’ve expressed this before but I especially love this community, you people are wonderful. 

Im experiencing a relative high today and hope you all are too. 



.
Does anyone else think Facebook is getting more and more boring?
It just seems like nobody is really participating anymore.  Nobody seems to like posts.  Before I would post something and it would get at least 30 likes, now it barely gets 10.  Or I might tag someone and it’ll get a “like” where before an entire conversation would occur.

I remember when it would be just original content from my friends, now nobody seems to post anything at all.  I realize we’re all getting older (I’m in my mid 30s now), but damn.  

Maybe it’s just my friends on there?  I don’t know.  To be honest I’m probably going to abandon Facebook unless something changes.  Why am I using this if nobody interacts?
.
I just got my driver‘s license!
And I’m so happy about it because it takes soo long to get them in Germany.

Anyways! What is something you’re glad to have accomplished recently? Let me know 😊
.
I wish there was an app as popular as Tinder that was just for making friends...
I've found that the only downside for me being in a relationship is that I miss how much fun it can be to talk to tons of people on Tinder. I want to be able to have those get to know each other conversations that are strictly platonic, you know? 
.
Do you ever have a really good realistic dream and wake up and think "wow my life sucks"?
Just had an amazing dream in which I fell in love with this amazing girl, and in this dream I just felt so happy and content. Eventually I woke up (obviously), but this wave of disappointment just passed over me very hard when I did. Sometimes I feel so dissatisfied with my current situation when compared with that kind of contrast. Does this kind of thing happen to you guys? 


EDIT: Thanks for all of your stories! It's really comforting to know I'm not alone in this chaotic world, and now I'm really interested in dream science and the effect our psyches have in our dreams. 
.
I’m really proud of how well I’m doing in college
Alright, I really don’t like bragging but I can’t help but feel really proud of myself lately for how well i’ve been doing in school, and I can’t talk to my friends about this bc they’re struggling in college with their grades so if i told them I was proud of mine, that would definitely be a dick move so I’m just gonna say it here:

I wasn’t a great student in high school. I was lazy and unmotivated and had like a 2.5 GPA. I thought I would never go anywhere in life and I was never thought of as “smart.” Well now I’m in college and for the first time since like middle school, I have a 4.0. I finally decided to get my shit together and actually try my best. Last week in my trig class, we had our second test of the semester and I got 100%. Not because the test was easy, I actually struggled a lot with that chapter and was very lost and confused but I worked my ass off and studied for weeks leading up to the test and managed to actually get 100%. The week before, I got 100% on my philosophy test, and then before that a 100% on my geography test (my teacher told me I got the highest grade in the class). It feels so awesome to see your hard work pay off. It’s a very liberating feeling when you finally realize that you are in charge of your own success and education and that if you put in the hard work, you will see great results. I’m not lazy anymore like I used to be in high school and I don’t procrastinate anymore, I’ve really transformed my work ethic and study habits and it feels fucking awesome. That is all, thank you strangers for reading this :) 

Edit: Thank you all so much for your kind and supportive comments! Just know that I can’t reply to all of these but I’m definitely reading every single comment and I really appreciate them. You all are so lovely :) 
.
Got called an old man today. Im 23.
A child walked up to me today and started a conversation.

KID: You are an old man
ME: Am I? I didn't think I was, I dont even have grey hair yet.
KID: When you get old in a bit, will you have grey hair.
ME: Probably
KID: My grandad shaved all his hair off! Hahahaha.
ME: Some peoples hair just falls off when they get older.
KID: Yeah. And they have a beard.
ME: Do you think I should grow a beard.
KID: No. You are going to get old.
ME: Hopefully.
KID: And get grey hair!
ME: I hope not!
KID: And then you will die. You will get grey hair, then die. 
*KID runs off and plays* 

I thought it was funny. Also I feel old.
.
I took myself on a date for my birthday
Without giving you all the blah blah of my life, I was feeling pretty down about celebrating my birthday alone this year. I'm living a 13h flight away from most of my friends and family. I had dinner plans tonight with one of my only friends here but he cancelled yesterday because he's jetlagged. I didn't have the heart to tell him it's my birthday. Most people at work didn't know and I got invited to another colleague's birthday cake surprise which was also today and someone must have let people know about mine because they scrambled a card together and awkwardly yelled "surprise" at me when I walked in. 
  
Tbh, I felt like crying all day. I'm pretty lonely here if I'm truely honest. I just wanted to go home and hide under the covers.  
  
But on my way home I thought, "no!". I bought myself some pretty roses, bought a bottle of my favourite wine, lit some candles, ordered some tasty food and watched my all-time favourite movie. A date for one. I don't feel like crying anymore :)  
  
What are your ways for overcoming those tough, lonely days?  
  
EDIT: It's now past my bedtime in my part of the world. Thank you for all the kind messages. I won't forget the kindness that you internet strangers shared in a lonely moment for me. I'll go to sleep tonight knowing that there's plenty to look forward to my next year in this life.   
  
All the best to all you wonderful people!
.
Day 1 no smoking :/
Honestly already kinda losing my mind. I forgot how hard kicking this really is. All I want to do is go out and have my morning smoke.. but instead I'm posting to you guys!
.
A real life love story
Back in 8th grade (8 years ago) I had a crush on a boy. He started dating another girl in my class and I was absolutely heart broken...well, as heart broken as a 13-year-old can be.

She came from a strict family and when they found out about him, they forbade her from seeing him. She was too young and needed to focus on school, not boys.

I remember feeling a sick sort of happiness at the fact that they couldn't be together. Selfish, I know. But 13-year-olds aren't known for their emotional stability and selflessness.

Time went on, I outgrew my crush, became friends with the girl. The two of them remained friends through high school and even tried dating again when they were 17. Again, her parents found out and threatened to send her to boarding school if she didn't break up with him and focus on her studies.

She broke up with him again and they couldn't even stand to be in the same room as each other. We all graduated high school, moved on with our lives. We all parted ways and I lost touch with both of them.

One of them popped up on my "friends you may know" on Facebook and I decided to check it out. They just got married yesterday and I'm so incredibly happy for them. I know they've gone through so much to be where they are today and I'm so glad they can finally have that happiness together.
.
Today, a girl at the supermarket gave me an extra chicken drumstick
I went to the supermarket to get some fried chicken and chips. There weren't chips so the girl that was attending offered me a thigh instead.  So I was supposedly getting one thigh and two drumsticks, but then, she sneaked a third drumstick into the box. She didn't say anything, she just put in there and gave it to me. I said thank you, wished her a great night, and went home with a smile :)
.
After being subscribed to the photoshopbattles subreddit for over 6 months I finally figured out how it works.
At first I thought the posts of photos were photoshopped on r/photoshopbattles but today i realised people use that picture and photoshop it into something else then link their photoshop in the comments. Only took me 6 months and in all that time I never looked at the comments until today. 
.
I did not get any presents for Christmas, so my niece gifted me her favorite plushy.
It is a sort of tradition for our extended family to celebrate Christmas together, so every morning our uncles and aunts come to visit and we open up the presents then. After an hour of opening presents everyone got a present but me; I am not well liked in the family. I did not care much as I had come to expect such things.

As the kids were playing with their new toys and gadgets I sat by myself in the kitchen enjoying what was left of the breakfast feast. I was munching on some bacon when my 5 year old niece came running into the room. She was holding her new doll in her hand and laughing a storm. She sees me in the kitchen by myself and asks me what I got for Christmas. I casually answer that  did not receive much but that it was okay. Ever the curious little nugget, she asks if I am sad. I respond with the classic "no". She runs off without saying a word.

A minute had not passed before she comes running back with her favorite toy, a little white plush lamb, who she calls Benedict. She applies the breaks and walks towards me and simply hands Benedict to me. "For you! Merry Christmas!" She has had this little lamb since she was a few days old, she could not be separated from it for anything. I'll be sure to keep the little lamb close by for when the sentiment has run its course and she wants Benedict back lol
.
Do you ever go back to sleep again so you can keep watching a dream?
Had a good dream and no plans for the day, so why not?
.
After 12 and a half years...
Tomorrow morning at 8am I will wake up. I will get dressed and be on my way to the next most important day of my life.

12 and a half uears ago my Dad and Step-Mom got a divorce. She basically divorced me too. Its been 12 and a half years since Ive seen my brother and 2 sisters. They are 13, 15 and 18.

I have been kept away from them because I am my father's daughter. But I am not him. I am not accountable for his mistakes.

I have many hopes and fears for tomorrow. I am crashing a funeral to be able to see them. It may not be the time or place, but its my only chance in 12 years and I see no other choice but to take it. 

So here is me, at 25, asking for luck and support from Reddit for the first time as I go into one of the defining moments of my short life.

Have you ever needed the courage to do something like this? Have you ever been estranged from a family member? Do you miss them? If an older sister came into your life would you give them a chance.

Update: My aunts saw me before the ceremony  and invited me into the fold. I stayed with them until I saw the kids. I handed my oldest sister the picture of us as kids with my number on the back. I told her I was her sister and she said okay and walked away. My step-mom hugged me and said hi. She also tried to hand the picture back to me. She acted happy, but it didnt seem real. I hugged my Aunt and walked out in tears. I couldn't hold them back and decided it was best to walk out before the ceremony started. Thank you for all your well wishes but it seems like they have no interest in our relationship. I appreciate all of you. Goodbye for now.

UPDATE 2- My Aunts and Cousins on my Step-mom's side, those of them who still love me and were overjoyed to see me. They invited me to 4th of July at thuer house and while the kids wont be there. I am thankful to have reconnected with my family. 
.
I hate the new Reddit profile layouts
They are just plain terrible. It feels like it takes twice as long to browse a profile, and it's difficult to tell what are user comment replies and user submissions. Not to mention that they don't seem to mash up with RES so I have to click out to the front page to use account switcher or tag a user. Also, I have to zoom out in order to see the whole thing on my desktop, making the text annoyingly small. 

It. Fucking. Sucks.
.
I went 15 whole minutes without acting on any of my OCD compulsions today.
I have pretty severe OCD.  My main compulsions are counting (usually syllables), tapping, and having to move my body in certain ways - clenching my fists, rolling my eyes, sucking in my stomach, swallowing, bending a joint, etc.  All day every day I sit counting and tapping and moving my body in weird ways over and over and over.  It makes my body hurt and makes me really self conscious in public because it's probably quite noticeable.

I'm on a new medication that's supposed to help with my OCD.  It hasn't helped much yet, but I think it's made me more aware of my compulsions.  

A couple hours ago I was lying in bed cuddling with my cats and watching Game Grumps and told myself "Just stop.  Just for a minute.  Try to resist it."  I somehow managed to.  It made me anxious and uncomfortable but I did it.  I looked at the clock and bet myself I couldn't do it for five whole minutes.  I somehow did.  Five minutes became ten.  It was so difficult but I managed to resist flexing my muscles and squeezing my joints.  Finally after exactly fifteen minutes I couldn't take it anymore and had to start acting on my strong urges to do all these weird things.

I know it seems really bizarre and probably difficult to comprehend for a lot of people but I'm kind of proud of myself for it.  It's the first time I've been able to go more than a few minutes without acting on my compulsions since I was a child.  Maybe there's hope for me yet.

What have you guys done lately that you're proud of?

Edit - I'm running out of creative ways to say thank you so I just want everyone to know I really really appreciate all the positive comments.  I was a bit shy about posting this but the positive response has been overwhelming.  This is such a lovely community. 
.
Just ordered from McDonald's and I realised I might have sounded a bit like an ass because I requested no ketchup on my burger, then proceeded to ask for ketchup packets to go with my fries.
What's up y'all? Any funny incidents like that like make you go "right, I sounded like a douche"?

edit: I'm amazed at this sub. I had no idea a little idiosyncrasy would lead to so much talk! Love you guys! :D
.
I. Just. Kissed. My Girlfriend. Oh my god.
DISCLAIMER: I realize after typing this that I probably go into detail none of y'all would be interested to hear, but I'm just trying to put my whole storm of emotions into words right now. You'll be reading about the entire date. Sorry.
_____

Oh my god, it was awesome. So last night was our first date. We've always been slightly awkward around each other, and this was to be the night where we would just let it out.

I picked her up at her house and we hit the road. The Guardians of the Galaxy mix CD was put in. We bought some candy, snuck it into the theater (Oh no, a cop's probably gonna read this), and watched Interstellar. Lemme say this: In my opinion, it is literally the best movie ever made. I seriously cried four times. 

Anyways, we left the theater in absolute awe, and we drove down to the local diner to eat. It was the only place around that's open that late, and we like the food and have some good memories there, so it was fantastic as far as a place goes. The whole time we were eating we were talking, laughing, having a wonderful time. My heart was beating at about three thousand miles an hour.

We finished up and made the frigid walk to the car. I opened up the seat between us so that there was nothing blocking the way. The car was cold, we were cold, so we hugged. It started off as a "joke" hug, but then we just held on. We eventually broke up the hug and I started driving her back to her place. She held my hand as I was driving, and even though we were joking around the whole time we could feel the tension building with every song that ran through. 

Eventually we made it to her house. I put the car in park and looked over at her. She was looking at me. We unbuckled and held each other again. We stopped to gather her things from around the car. I shifted so I was facing her more. "Go All The Way" started playing on the CD. She was looking up at me with her freaking gorgeous eyes piercing through me. I put my arm around her, held her hand, and went for it. 

OH. MY. GOD. We were kissing. It was the most incredible thing I've experienced. Neither of us knew what we were doing, but none of our inexperience made it any less amazing. Of every moment from the date, this is the one I remember in the most exquisite detail. The blue light of the dash, her smell, the softness of her lips, the sound of the music. It was all there, it was all incredible.

We broke it off eventually, hugged it out, and she got out of the car and walked back to her house. I listened to "Spirit in the Sky" on the way back, walked into my house, said hi to my mom, and fell asleep after texting her goodnight. Would I have traded anything for that night? Not a chance.

_____

EDIT: Thanks for all the lovely words, everyone!

EDIT 2: Wow. I'm speechless. It's great to hear my little love-struck story here is making some sort of impact! Thank you so much!

EDIT Drei: HUH? Gold? What? How? Thanks!

EDIT 4: Oh dear lordy, it's hard to keep up with y'all!
.
My wife and I go for an ultrasound on Friday.
Almost halfway through our first trimester, and things are going well. I keep getting giddy every time we talk about it. I can’t wait to be a father!

Edit: The ultrasound will happen next week, not tomorrow. I will most definitely be back with that news then!
.
Are ring pops the worst candy in the world? Because I'm at work with one in my mouth and it sure feels like it.
The admin in our department has a candy dish which she keeps at her desk.  She usually has a rotation of different kinds of candy that she refills it with so we get a good variety.  This candy dish is much appreciated by the staff and gets raided constantly.

This week, however, the grab bag of candy she's been using to fill the dish somehow has some ring pops in it.  [Here's](https://www.candywarehouse.com/assets/item/large/ring-pop-on-hand.jpg) a picture if you're not familiar with it.  It's basically a giant Jolly Rancher on a "base" with a little loop so you can stick in on your finger.  I remember disliking this these as a kid and avoided them.  Apparently the rest of the staff feels the same way because no one else grabbed them either.

So they've been sitting in the candy dish for at least a week, taking up space that could better be used for other candy.  Our admin's refilled the dish several times, but the ring pops remain.  So it's clear to me they're just going to sit in there until someone eats them.  On the way back to my desk about 10 minutes ago, I decided to take one for the team and grab one.

They're even worse than I remember.  The flavor wasn't *awful*; something called "blue raspberry", but the platform is what makes them truly terrible.  Unlike a regular lollipop with a regular stick, you can suck on it with your lips since that's as far as the actual candy portion you can actually get into your mouth.  So not only does that make it take longer to consume, but in inhibits the enjoyment of what little flavor it possesses.  Worse, the base & ring parts look like a damn pacifier, and because you can only hold it in with your lips you've got to suck on it like you're nursing from a bottle in order to keep the juices from escaping your mouth.  It's terrible.

So here I am, a 38 year old man in a professional position sucking on a damn nuk like I'm an infant just trying to consume this damn stupid candy so it stops taking up space in the candy dish.

I hope everyone else in the department appreciates my sacrifice.


.
I start adult day school tomorrow to finally get my high school diploma, and I have first-day nerves
Edit: Thank you so much to everyone who responded to this, the response was overwhelmingly positive and genuinely made me feel a lot better about where I am in my life. You guys really gave me some perspective on my problems, and how, in the not-so-distant future, they're going to seem a lot less important than they do now. It'll take some hard work, but I'll get there. Thank you. 

I had a severe mental health crisis in senior year of high school 2 years ago, and was unable to complete my high school diploma because of it. I’ve spent the last few years just working, and improving on my mental and physical health, and I’m finally in a good enough place to go back to school. 

This has been something I’ve been extremely ashamed of for a very long time because I was always a very high achiever throughout school. I’m 20 years old and haven’t graduated high school. No one would have ever expected that of me, growing up. 

I’m happy that I’m finally on the road to graduating and going to university (one day), but the shame and embarrassment is still there...
.
overwhelmed by reddit being toxic
does anyone else get overwhelmed and beaten down by the toxicity on some subreddits? i used to really enjoy things like r/tinder when it was just weird, now most posts seem.to be contrived 'boy says something vile to girl, girl doesn't reply with eat my ass, therefore girl is an uptight bitch with no sense of humour'. also any post discussing guns in america just ends up with people shouting each other down, and downvotes for opposing views. 

tldr: bummed out by negativity on reddit, cheer me up?
.
I Got a Job!
It's not a fancy job, nor is it my first, but after leaving my dream job (firefighter) due to PTSD, depression, and anxiety, it feels like a huge step. It's a part time, management position with what is essentially a Chuckie Cheese for older kids. I am hoping that by working there for a while, my mind will work to reset itself and I can eventually get back to being a first responder.

I am posting, not just to celebrate the job but also to answer any questions and hopefully raise awareness about the effects of my diseases.
.
Tommorow will be my 14th day without soda
About 2 months ago I signed up for a gym membership and shortly after decided to stop drinking soda, it’s been somewhat difficult but I feel a lot better already
.
Guys guess what!!
I just had my first kiss!!
.
Is anyone else getting kind of sick of super hero movies?
Deadpool was sublime, the first iron man was also excellent, as well as a special few others. But to me if feels like we're in this never-ending sea of sequels. Eventually we're going to reach a point where we're watching Thor 17: spider man and barnacle boy go to outback steakhouse. I am just getting ready for the next phase of movies, what do you think of all these new releases
.
I did it.
Finally worked the courage to tell my roommate to lower the music for the first time. He did. Yay. A small victory for me. 
.
After five years, I quit my toxic restaurant job today.
I’ve been a server in a corporate chain restaurant for five years, and over time every last ounce of positivity has been sucked from my soul. I started being tired all the time, avoiding social events with friends, stopped working out, even started hating all my customers before I greeted them. I stuck around because I had a couple really good friends I worked with and they always helped to keep me thinking positively and even sometimes made work fun, but one left a few months ago and my other friends are as burnt out as I am. I don’t know why it took me this long, but today’s Fourth of July shift really pushed me over the edge. I sat down before work today and wrote your typical resignation letter. Upon turning it in, I felt as though a semi truck had been lifted from my shoulders. 

For the first time in a while, I’m looking forward to the future. I’m ready to go back to the happy go lucky person I was before the service industry. 

Happy Fourth of July everyone, I hope it was great.
.
Drunk me gave sober me a present!
I put on a pair of pants that I hadn't worn since New Years. When I put my phone in my pocket I could feel something else in there, so I pulled it out and found a cheeky $50 note in my pocket! I had a flashback and remember being drunk putting that $50 in my pocket and thinking 'sober me is going to be so happy next time he wears these pants'... I certainly was! 
.
I have an in person job interview today for a career opportunity in my field. After months of phone rejections, job applications, a messed up laptop, eating ramen, I finally get to see someone face to face for an interview.
Most career opportunities start off with a brief phone call to see if you're the right fit. I've done so many of those, that I always wondered if I was doing something wrong in my spheal. I never would get a call back. A week later, they would express their feelings that they decided to peruse other candidates at this current time. In fact, I've been so used to rejection that I went in the mindset that I would be rejected anyways. Eventually it became why even apply. 

I graduated last year and will make roughly two years I've been out of college. It's been a long, tedious process. I've been heartbroken, laptop gave way, wasted money, had to refuse extra hours at work to accommodate phone interviews, and then suffer by paying rent, but then eating ramen, and not to mention all the nights of forgoing celebrating with friends and family, in lieu of busting out one more job application, thinking hopefully this is the one, the lucky one that might grant me a call back.. 

I cannot tell you how much I'm in awe that someone could make the choice to see the potential in me. It's mellowing and mind blowing to say the least. The job search has been grueling and gruesome, to say the least.

I've thought of giving up, way too many times, way more then I can count, and this one means the world to me. Even if this isn't the career opportunity I have spent all this time looking for, just having the opportunity to view and see in person an actual company, an actual recruiter, I'm so touched and proud.

Wish me luck. I didn't know where else to post this, because I didn't want to jinx it, knock on wood, but this is it. 

If I don't get this, I just might work up the retail ladder. This is my last shot....
.
Something neat happened to me last night.
I was in my living room at around 11 PM, and I heard a rustling and clattering on the back porch. I peeked out the window and saw a raccoon playing with some cat toys we'd left out. So I went up to the sliding glass door and laid on my stomach, just looking out until the raccoon noticed me. He came up to the window, and looked at me. Our noses were like two inches apart (with the glass between us, of course) and he put his little paw up against the glass like he was saying hello. I'd never been so close to a completely wild animal before. It was kind of exciting, and he was really cute. We just looked at each other for a bit before he wandered off.

I thought this was neat, but I know it's not exactly the most *exciting* story. Still, I really wanted to share it with someone, so I hope you guys don't mind hearing about it :)
.
I love Wikipedia
It's not without problems, but I feel like we take for granted what is one of the wonders of the modern world.

You can casually read up on stuff, or do a real deep dive and check sources, find new ones and make edits.

I've been a total addict since 2005 and probably average out at several visits a day.

**EDIT:** Great to see so much love out there for it.

I'm sorry to see that it is blocked in Turkey. This is sad, and ridiuculous.

This comment has info on how to bypass it if you need to: https://www.reddit.com/r/CasualConversation/comments/8xb2i0/i_love_wikipedia/e22svxr/
.
Making friends as an adult is hard.
Just turned 28 and fuck me.... I honestly have only 3 friends I ever see... It's once a fortnight and only for dnd.

I don't actually have any friends I can call and be like "Hey, wanna hang out?".

I used to have friends like that but they all moved away and live at other ends of the country. I still see them from time to time once, maybe twice a year.

But day-to-day or week-to-week I just don't really have anyone and I feel so lonely all the time.

No one told me that having friends as an adult would be this hard or that not having them would hurt so much.  


Edit: Tinder. but for friends anyone?

Edit edit: let me know if your around Newcastle Australia.
.
Today marks six years on Reddit...
And I've never posted on my Cake Day before. I almost held that streak, but now I've made this post. Give me a ridiculous reason why that's good or bad!
.
Unexpected ice breaker.
Last week I was sat in a waiting room awaiting a mammogram and needle aspiration, I was sat amongst around 15 other ladies it was very tense and everyone seemed to be lost in their own private thoughts. We had all been given hospital  gowns with a strange pattern to wear and I personally was feeling anxious and quite vulnerable. As soon as one lady got called in another was brought in to wait with us. 

The next patient to come and wait was a young tiny girl, she looked no older than 16 she glanced  around at all of us sat there in matching gowns  and surprisingly come out with “oh wow fancy us lot all turning up wearing the same dress”  we all burst out laughing and I’ve never felt the tension drain from me so fast. Everyone from then on was smiling chatting and the whole waiting room mood lifted. I was so grateful to her. We all started wishing each other good luck as patients were led away.

I was lucky my problem turned out to be a cyst.
.
Cried today
Was out with my friends at the bar and I just really wasn’t feeling it, excused myself home and let out a good cry for no particular reason, felt great after. 
.
My dad just died this morning, can we please talk about random stuff?
I'm 17, got up for work this morning and found my dad dead. Paramedics said he had a heart attack sometime last night. It's been a long long morning and really just need to talk about random stuff right now to distract myself. Hope this isn't too dark for this sub and if it is I'm sorry. Hope you guys day is going better than mine, spend more time with your parents guys.
.
I got kissed last night, and I don't think I've ever felt this good in my life!
I've been seeing this girl for two weeks, and last night I went to her house for the first time and met her family and she drove me around her small town and told me about its history. She held my hand for the first time while we were driving. And then before I left to go home, we hugged for a while. I told her "You're something else, kid." She stepped back and kissed me. And then she kissed me again. And then we both just looked at each other, and this crazy thing happened. We both at the same time leaned in and kissed again and it was the most passionate experience I had ever had, even though it only lasted for a second or two.

I've been really depressed for the past two years and she has seriously brought joy back into my life, and I think I've done the same for her. Thanks for letting me share this with you guys!

How is everyone else?! :)
.
I liked how I looked when I left my apartment this morning.
I struggle with a lot of issues with self-esteem and self-confidence and I often don't feel good about my appearance.  
  
Well, today, for whatever reason, I looked in the mirror this morning and I just, well, felt good. I liked my outfit, I liked my hair, I just liked how I looked overall.  
  
What made you folks feel good this morning?
.
Is it just me, or does it seem like there's a wave of positivity hitting Reddit recently?
Browsing /r/all the past few days, I've noticed that there are a lot more positive posts than there used to be, and many of the highest rated are from subs like /r/Eyebleach. /r/Wholesomemes seems to be the flagship for this movement, growing in subscribers rapidly and hitting /r/all like a storm.

Yesterday /r/Crazyideas created a new sub, /r/CongratsLikeImFive. It started with silly kids stuff like "I ate my vegetables", but today it's filling up with more genuine and mature posts like "I dumped my abusive gf" and "I became financially independent". These posts are getting a lot of genuine responses. I think a lot of people really want real praise, and others really want to give praise. (Edit: this is a trending sub and already has over 4500 subscribers.) 

I think this positivity movement is great. I think everyone needed a breather after the trainwreck that was 2016, and especially after the bad feelings that the US election season brought. These positive posts are super cheesy, but I've found myself thinking more positively in real life.

What do you guys think of the influx of positive posts? What do you think is causing it? Will it last far into the next year?

Edit: many of you bring up a good point: the /r/all filtering feature and the new voting algorithm seem to have brought down the frequency of posts from the most controversial/highly political/negative Nancy subs.
.
iphone 10, $999. Entire Cracker Barrel menu, $887.81
The Cracker Barrel meme comparing the price of their entire menu to the iPhone 10 is greatest single act of guerrilla marketing I have ever witnessed.
.
I kept my New Year’s resolution - becoming a registered nurse!
Earlier this year, I promised myself that I would finish nursing school (which took me nearly six years but won’t go into details about it) and get my license by the end of 2018.

Well yesterday I saw my name followed by a title, “RN” on a public register. I’m so excited now! 

Were you able to keep your resolution? And what’s your resolution for 2019?
.
I just got accepted into the college I've always wanted to go to!!!
I am so so happy 
.
My 1 year ago self successfully trolled my today self.
1 year ago, I installed 2 Chrome extensions, the XKCD translator, and another one that delayed an extensions activation, I delayed the translations for 10 months. 2 months ago every single tumblr post I saw said "spaaaaace" instead of space, I just dismissed it as a tumblr meme or something. Then I saw in the news, that the Republicans had won the eating contests, I just thought it was a metaphor or something. I also play lots of Pokemon, and randomly, in bulbapedia, Electric type changed to Atomic. I thought it was just how it was called in Japan, and when translated to English, it was actually atomic. Also, I watch lots of movies, and I'm interested in superheroes and saw "a man dressed like a bat" instead of batman everywhere, specially reddit, and just thought it was a reddit meme. Not until like 10 minutes ago, while browsing amazon for Christmas presents for my nephews, I saw "LEGO a man dressed like a bat 3" I noticed. Saw the XKCD thing in the corner.

Tl;dr I trolled myself
.
My book was purchased by a library!
I know that's not too noteworthy, but someone on the other side of the country suggested it to their library, and it happened. I'm completely in awe over how a dream that I worked on in my bedroom is now going to be on a library shelf.
.
Being in your 20's is weird
Like seriously, I'm 25 now and it feels like everyone is all over the place. Some of my friends are getting married, some are having kids, meanwhile others are still figuring things out (myself included), some are still partying it up every weekend, and others are still in school. Life is weird after college.

Does everybody else feel the same way?

---

Edit: I had no idea how big this would blow up. Now I'm no expert in life, and what works for me doesn't work for everybody but I would like to hand out some tips that helped me through the first half of my 20s. 

1. **Focus on your foundations:** Friends & family, health & wellness, finances, and so on. Having a solid foundation is key to dealing with all the stresses. Having a solid social life works wonders when you have supporting friends and family who really want to see you succeed. Go for a run or walk a few times a week, even if you don't like exercise you will feel amazing afterwards. Start now with putting money into your savings, I recommend starting with at least 10% of you income. Once you have enough in your savings all your financial stresses will disappear.

2. **Explore new things! (aka get out of your comfort zone)** After graduation move to a place you've never lived before, try new hobbies, join different meetup groups, read more, this list goes on. Just get out there and try something new!

3. **Take on more responsibility.** Nothing feels better than knowing you can do something on your own: adopt a pet, move into your own place, aim for a promotion at work, or volunteer outside of work. 

4. **Find something bigger than yourself and contribute towards it.** One of the most common things I've noticed in this thread is people looking for their passions or looking for meaning in their lives. Luckily for you finding meaning isn't that hard, even if it isn't your fulltime job. You can donate to charity every paycheck, volunteer at a local nonprofit, start a fun side project (especially collaborative ones like a podcast or band).

5. **Do fun shit!** Go to music fests, go backpacking, take trips, go out on the weekends. Definitely take advantage of your young energy. I'm doing this by trying to see all the bands that I love live, and traveling a lot more, before life gets in the way. 

Focusing on these things has helped me get through my 20's and build myself into a better person in the process. What works for me might not work for you, but I just thought I'd offer my two-cents. 
.
Someone just mailed my boss a glitter bomb - but the receptionist opens his mail and she got creamed.
It was actually pretty funny and makes me want to send one to someone.  
.
I live in Switzerland and today is the annual "siren test". Every emergency siren in the whole country runs for a couple of minutes
So yeah, we have those emergency sirens that would go off in case of a war or something like that.  
Every year in February those sirens are tested on their functionality by letting them run for a couple of minutes.

It's really creepy and I love it every single year. It sounds exactly as the Silent Hill siren (from the movies). 

Sadly today is really nice weather. When there's a big mist or something it's so damn cool!

Do other countries have those kind of sirens too? Do you test them as well?
.
Might be silly but I reached 250 subs on my YT channel and I am kinda proud of it.
So in gamer years I am pretty old *(45)*, not saying I am old in life, just old for an active gamer. I run a Street Fighter, specifically Chun Li, channel on YouTube and I've been posting for years now.

At the beginning I didn't really have a purpose other than just archiving what I thought were my cool matches. Eventually I started have a pretty big collection of content but still no one was really watching and I don't particularly blame them... It was a random dude playing a game at a pretty mediocre level.

The latest version of the game came out a little more than two years ago and I have been posting matches as I leveled up. In all it's nerdy glory, I have reached Diamond rank in SFV. Not an incredible feat for thousands of players but at the same time, it means I am in the top 2% of players in the world. And my matches kinda chronicle that journey.

The higher the rank has netted more views and on top of that I have been discovering tech within the game and sharing when I could. Lastly I have captured games beating some of the best people in the world.

So here I am, I am probably playing Street Fighter the best I ever have in my life *(after 30 years of playing)* and my channel has the most viewers it ever has. And as small as that is to probably so many streamers and channels... I am kinda proud of it.

*EDIT:* **WOW!!!**

Crazy way to wake up with so many responses in my inbox! I think I got back to everyone! Sorry if I missed a post and thank you so much for the words of encouragement and congratulations!
.
For the first time in 41 years I saw a green traffic light
It's my birthday today an my wife bought me a pair of [Enchroma Glasses](http://enchroma.com/) as my gift. I never bought a pair because I test as a [strong protan](http://wearecolorblind.com/article/a-quick-introduction-to-color-blindness/) and there is only a 30% chance that these glasses would work for me at all. So far, there hasn't been any real change to the 'reds' that I see, but for the first time ever, a green traffic light looked green to me. Normally they look white. And highway signs...holy cow, they are **green**

I'm pretty excited at what I have seen so far today. I'm hoping that as my eyes get used to the glasses (wearing them gives me a bit of a headache and strong protans can take a few weeks to get acclimated to the glasses) even more colors emerge.

This has been a really exciting day
.
After 4 miserable years, I just quit my job.
I’m terrified and worried it’s a mistake of course, but more than anything, I am so, so relieved.  

I finally realized that I deserve to be happy.  

Life has hope and possibilities again. :)
.
For the past decade, I thought I was the problem in my relationships. Turns out I wasn't.
I haven't had many relationships in the past, but the ones I had left me broken. For example, my last serious boyfriend I loved to death. I would have done anything for them. But I never felt like my needs were met. I wanted my parter to be there more, to call me more, to be more loving, more involved in future plans. I didn't feel he was and I expressed this to him asking whether he was sure he wanted to be with me. I got blamed, accused, and attacked because I 'made him feel like it's never good enough'. I was made to feel like I was crazy. And because of this he broke up with me. 

I then met another guy off of a dating app. We talked for 4 months but in those months he kept disappearing, played hot and cold, never called, talked about a date 'one day' in hypotheticals but never made it happen (and yes, I asked about this, even proposed it myself but 'something' was always in the way). We finally had a date set and he cancelled. All throughout this he blamed me for 'misunderstanding him', wanting too much and causing him negative energy. I broke this off cause it started being sickening.

I believed there was something wrong with me all this time. That maybe I really wanted too much as these guys told me. That maybe some deep rooted issue was causing me to find faults everywhere but this was normal treatment.  

And then I met G. G was forward and consistent from the start. We got along as if we'd always known each other. He put in time and effort, and it's obvious it comes from a genuine place, not out of obligation or from some agenda. He has been a gentleman since the start. He talks to me consistently but respects my space. Was the one to initiate asking me out, to accommodate my busy schedule, and asked me out again and again. He talked early about life values and our dreams for the future to make sure we were compatible in that. In 4 weeks of dating, this human being has made me feel more appreciated than all my past relationships. 

I realized it wasn't me asking for too much. It was just the men I picked who were doing it wrong and my self worth being dragged underground from bad experiences. 

(and just to clarify I am not saying I am perfect, far from it. But I think like any other woman, I deserve to be treated well and feel loved, because I can give so much in return). 

tl;dr thought I was the one asking for too much in relationships, turns out I just had bad experiences

That's all, thanks for coming to my Ted Talk
.
2 years ago i moved 3 hours from home with nothing but a trash bag full of clothes and my dog.
And now I have a fiance, and baby boy on the way, an apartment I'm proud of, and my happiness back.  

         After my grandmother passed away I was left her house.  I was born and raised in that house and my grandmother raised me while my mother worked non stop to provide for Grandma, my twin sister and I.    My mother found her husband when I was 13 or so.  But o continued to live with Grandma.  He wasn't the best person with kids.  Just didn't like them.
Anyway, grandma passes away when I'm 20.  
3 weeks after her death, I come home to all my belongings on the curb.  My aunt had power of attorney and taken possession of the house.  Immediately gutting it and selling all the appliances.   I was destroyed.  I couldn't believe my whole life was taken from me like that.  I still haven't talked to my family since. My best friend let me stay with him for a bit. But I couldn't take the heart ache of being in my hometown, having to see my gutted home.   I found a job 3 hours away and took it.  Apartment Maintenance.  Perfect I thought.  I've always been the handy man being the only male in the house hold.  
And life took off from there.  Succeeded in my job.  Connected with a old fling and ended up falling head over heels for this girl.  She now has a ring on her finger and a baby in the womb.  I can proudly say that I am at my best right now and I needed to tell someone about it.  
I love my life.  
I love you Grandma RIP 
You'd be so proud of me.

.
I love the random sentences when you upvote on this subreddit, does any other sub have such feature?
I know /r/montageparodies had a hitmarker, that was awesome, any other sub?
.
Why is /r/teenagers throwing up in this sub lately?
"Omg a girl looked at me." "A girl said I'm cute." "How do i ask a girl out". We get it already I think the proper subs are even listed when you have stuff to talk about like that. Just in case you didn't know.
/r/advice /r/teenagers /r/relationship_advice 

Please start posting in the right sub.
.
What's your favorite joke?
A doctor gets a call at 4 AM. 

"Me and my friend," the caller says in a rush, "we went hunting. My friend climbed up a tree to search for deer but fell down. I think he's dead. I'm panicking here, I don't know what to do.."

"Calm down," the doctor replies. "Just take a deep breath and do everything exactly as I say. Can you do that?"

The caller takes a deep breath and lets it out slowly. "Yes," he says.

"Ok," the doctor says, "first why don't you go check on your friend and make sure he's really dead."

The doctor hears a loud shot.

"I've made sure. What next?"


.
I'm going to be a father!!
I'm so excited! My wife just got her first (then second, then third - can't be too sure) pregnancy test a little over a week ago. We've been married a little over three years, in our late 20's, and this will be our first child. We're not making the social media announcement until after our first appointment next week, but it's such a hard secret to keep!! Any advice for first time parents?
.
Just found out my grandfather has had reddit longer than me and has more karma as well!
Here’s a little insight, grandfather lives fairly close so I see them often. He rarely uses a computer and 4 years ago he finally got his first smartphone. 

So my grandfather is 78 yrs old, pretty laid back, loves to tell stories. So one day I was talking about this post I saw on reddit and was showing him what I thought was how to use reddit and what not! After spending like 15 minutes showing him reddit he proceeds to tell me he has a reddit to. 

What he is about to show me I would never have expected. He’s had reddit for 3 years so a year shorter than he’s had a smart phone. He has over 250,000 karma and seemingly knows how to use reddit better than I. 

I guess you never really know who’s on the opposite side!
.
I'm an idiot!
So, for the last 20 minutes I've been fighting a computer virus that throws anything I click on into the recycle bin and then tries to immediately delete it. I was really confused as to how I got it, considering I hadn't been downloading anything recently and I have really good virus protection. I wiped my hard drive and started over since I have most everything backed up on Google Drive. It kept happening.

Turns out my delete key was stuck.
.
I met Jaden Smith at Disneyland last night, and he gave me some of his wisdom.
http://i.imgur.com/njD9mdC.jpg

Okay so I was at Disneyland yesterday for my grad night. I'm in the line at one of the food places and I just see jaden Smith standing there, guarded by like 4 Disneyland employees. And so I just go up to him and ask him if he's jaden Smith and he goes "Yea, and take this paper. It's a tweet I've never tweeted out yet and it's just for you" and then just fucking walks away. I'm still in shock that I experienced this. 

EDIT: Proof that he was AT FUCKING DISNEYLAND yesterday https://instagram.com/p/2o8vgpHdOT/

EDIT 2: Oh my god I made it to the front page of reddit I love every single one of you
.
just passed my driving test first time!
I just wanted to get it over with. didn't care if I passed or failed - it was stressing me so much and I wanted to enjoy my christmas break. but I did it, I freakin passed. my examiner was the nicest guy ever, I hope nothing bad ever comes to him. such a nice guy. I'm sorry I cried, I was just so surprised. I don't really know what I'm doing here saying all this, I'm just so thrilled and wanted to share it with everyone! happy holidays!  


(for reference, I'm in the UK and the roads here are horrible. I hate driving so much lol)
.
People of Casual Conversation, your kindness is not forgotten
I posted here in January about taking myself on a date for my birthday because I had nothing else to do. I was just flicking through my diary entry from that day and I wrote about how sweet you all were, and how it warmed my heart how kind strangers could be.  
  
I just wanted to say thank you again to everyone who took the time to say something. Who would have guessed that so many internet strangers could have brightened up my birthday just with an anonymous message? It reminds you that there are lovely people all over the world at the touch of a button. Isn't that amazing?  
  
Let's get a conversation going and share the love! Do you have a story about a stranger (IRL or online) being kind to you? What about a story of you being the kind stranger?
.
I bored my fiancé to sleep, and it was probably the best moment of my life to date...
She couldn't sleep last night, so I started spouting off things that Nintendo was doing that made me mad and she was actually listening and responding. Within like 10 minutes, she went from hyper and struggling to rest to knocked out. 

Now, you might say, "Why would you like being boring??"

For me, looking down and seeing her head tucked into my chest and I had to check if she was responding, and she was fast asleep. It made me so happy... Just that I got to do something good for her, something that made a difference and she got to rest because of something nerdy I'm into lol. 

Just wanted to share, because she went to fort Worth and I'm alone for three days, and am going to be super bored....

Edit: spelling, cause I just woke up and realized lol
.
My name is Max, Im 18 and im really struggling with loneliness and the feeling that ill never progress, i wrote a poem too. I would really like to read whatever this made you think. Thank you.
Rejecting a reflection is test of one's grit

Seeing through a mirror as a window

Though mercurial it may seem to frolic

I find peace in that meadow.


I was told to post here from r/seriousconversation

A broken mind is not so strange anymore, so much moves and changes and yet you feel as if you stay still, never changing, never growing. Suddenly I changed, im excited but also afraid. Not of everything else but of myself. I am prone to change internally, i fear that i fear myself. I scoff at suicide and yet i don't feel its farfetched that i might go that way. I am able to reason that one's reflection may indeed be fake. Cogito ergo sum. Afterall there is no reason why death should not be like before birth, against this logic i still find myself terrified of the end that will not likely be for many years and yet i fear may happen immediately. My greatest weakness is my misunderstanding, i crave closeness so when i am offered reprieve i go to far or i find for once im not being my average characature Max and instead cheater, liar, sociopathic Max. I am scared writing this as my thoughts quicken and i am brought hope by a few things. 1. My dream of being loved by someone completely isnt remote, there are so many people in this world. 2. I will likely live for a long time. 3. I have read that one's attitude changes each decade, i hope this is true.

Edit: for people who feel they may be in a similar place to me i implore you to read the comments as they are very insightful
.
Just had the most intense emotional experience of my life - and it took 5 seconds
The Mrs. travels a lot for work. I was doing laundry and unpacking her suitcase. At the bottom of the suitcase I found, rolled up, her sexiest piece of lingerie: a black lacy see-thru that is my absolute favorite thing to see her in. What the hell is she doing taking it with her on a business trip? She's having an affair with some coworker?!? And somehow wearing this particular piece of lingerie makes it even worse. What the hell? Married 17 years, three kids - all of our lives are about to go to shit.

Oh, wait - it's just a black 2-layer blouse with a lace outer layer.

Hmm, wonder what's on TV tonight.
.
Reddit owes Ellen Pao an apology.
With the info dropped by /u/yishan recently.. it seems appropriate. 
.
My band sold out of shirts at a show, and I think that's pretty cool.
Now I'm gonna design some new ones 
.
So I just got an email from my 13 year old self in 2007
Today's my 22nd birthday, and at 2pm I got an email from futureme.org. At first I thought it was spam, but I decided to read it... And it's definitely from me!! It had me grinning all day long. Here's the whole mail:

Dear FutureMe, 
well anyways, this is me... hope you had or still are having that relationship with [guy I had a major crush on for numerous years]. My cel phone hasn't come yet (stupid mail) and mybest friend is Bethi. HMMMM and I'm gonna see Harry Potter 5 at the weekend. Remember Maggie, and all your other friends you left back in Texas. Lose some weight ;-). It's been raining for days and I hate it, how am I supposed to get a tan (well i already got one) if the sun doesn't shine. K550I 4EVA. uumm...oh right! You're 13, single, and you hate you're life, don't forget it. I like to listen to Avril Lavigne, Wir sind Helden, Billy Talent, Fall Out Boy, 30 Seconds to Mars, Rihanna, Alex Gaudino, Linkin Park, Shakira, Beyonce, The Veronicas, Lemon Tree =D, and sum others. Well umm, you'll be 22 by now so ROCK ON. Luvya babye!!! Dont forget, 
[about 20 past classmates I couldn't care less about]
AND [GUY I USED TO HAVE A MAJOR CRUSH ON]!!! 
Take Care, [my nickname]!

PS. By now you should have: been bungee jumping, met avril lavigne+ autograph, been scuba diving, been strapped to akite in a thunderstorm =).... ETC

THE END


.
My sisters daughter just told me she loves me
So I'm studying abroad for the past 2 years. I went away around the same time she was born so ive only been able to see her during Christmas and a small duration of the summer. Ive been here for almost 2 weeks now and its the first time she tells me she loves me and im probably the happiest person alive atm and nothing can change that
.
Job interview today, potentialy leaving a career I’ve been in for almost 9 years.
I’ve been at my place of work for 9 years this June, I enjoy the work I do and have had several promotions since joining.

However recently they announced some changes to come, which I understand and I can see why they have been implemented.
BUT I don’t like them and I don’t like how they will be implemented. 

So I’ve started looking elsewhere, I started applying last week and have interview today, it’s completely different field but very transferable skills so I can see my self fitting in easily!

I’m excited but also nervous, not nervous for the interview, but nervous at the idea of leaving my current company. I had ideas of a career for life, the benefits are amazing and it’s provided so much for me during the last 9 years.

Anyway wish me luck it’s in an hour!

Edit: I feel the interview went well, I enjoyed it either way, thanks for all the positive words I will update again if I hear anything 
.
When a student fails my class, I always think of it as we failed each other.
It is typical for when a student makes an A for them to say something like, 

"I made an A!"

But, when a someone fails, it is not uncommon to hear, 

"The TEACHER failed me." 

Some people argue that it's the student's fault (Which I agree----to an extent----a teacher can only do so much).

BUT, this is how I like to see it...

When you succeed, I succeed too. 

When you fail, I fail too. 
.
It's a weird thing...
You meet a girl who seems like just another gal. It feels good to be around her and she makes you laugh. Shortly after that you realize you'd rather spend time with her than with anyone else you know. You have a few fights, but you make up each time. You start to understand her better, and you start to understand yourself better. 

One day you realize that you love her. And when you tell her, she's so happy. You just told her you love her. It's not a favor. It's not something you chose. It just happened. And yet, when you tell her she's so happy, and you're so happy. 

Then one day, you realize that this is it. That this person you just met one day and who was just a cool gal a few years ago but is now the most important person in your life. And you can't live without her. And everything you thought you knew about life is different now. So you ask her the question both of you are waiting for, "Will you marry me?"

I got engaged. And I'm so happy.
.
I just realized why we call the president POTUS and his wife FLORUS
I’m legitimately feeling so dumb right now. I thought calling POTUS and FLOTUS were come kind of insults towards the president and his wife or a play on the title for the pope (pontiff). Clearly it is not nor do I have any idea where my thinking came from outside of lack of knowledge. 

Anyway I was googling Barbara Bush and that led to Abigail Adams somehow and I was on her wiki page. Before I knew it I clicked on First Lady Of The United States and saw FLOTUS in parenthesis. Then it all clicked. It’s not an insult or anything negative. It is literally just an abbreviation for President of the United States and First Lady........

I had no idea and I’m really glad I don’t ever indulge in politics of any kind with anyone. 

**my bad on the spelling error in the title and also come should have been some in the second sentence. :/ time for bed. 
.
Whenever a toddler starts a story from the middle ,then explains the beginning and then goes for the conclusion , then the kid is driving me crazy . But whenever Tarantino does it , it's fucking genius .
Because the fucking bot wanted me to add con"text".
.
My non-verbal ASD 2.5 boy said "Hi" for the very first time today!
I used to work with little children before becoming a full time mother. I thought I knew everything I had to know before having my baby, I was prepared. 

Little did I know the biggest challenge of my life was about to start. 

My boy was diagnosed with ASD before he turned two. I know it's been only 2 years but it feels like forever. He's 2.5 now. I had to learn how to hold him, talk to him, get thru to him, play with him, feed him, give him a bath, everything I thought I knew was completely useless. Autism is a whole other world. 

Sometimes I get a little discouraged when I see other little ones calling their mother, telling stories, dancing, just normal toddler things and I wonder if I ever will experience at least my boy call me "mom", I'd love to hear his voice. 

This evening, while my husband and I were brushing his teeth in the bathroom, he suddenly turned to look at himself and us in the mirror and said: "Hi" 

Then, he said it over and over again with the biggest smile, looking at us and giggling. My heart melted and for once I feel hopeful. That voice was the sweetest voice I've ever heard. 

I know it's something little, insignificant but it meant the world to me, I don't know what the future holds but this was HUGE for my husband and I. 

What makes you guys hopeful? :)


.
My favorite part about being an Uber/lyft driver is when I'm able to help somebody through a tough time.
I've been at it for years now, working mostly the night shift. I've done just all told between both platforms I've done about 3000 rides.  And most of the time, they're pretty run of the mill. Just a ride to a friend's place or to the grocery store or a bar or club. But every now and then, I'll pick up somebody who is hurting somehow. And it's true, people would much rather talk to a stranger than someone they know about their problems because there is no judgment. And they will just unload. Tell me everything about what's wrong. And if there is enough time, by the time I get them to their location, they'll feel at least a little better. But I have been willing, from time to time, to hang out with them for at least a little while longer so I can help them out bit more. Years of playing therapist with people I know have shaped me into a great listener. 

And I just love doing it. I love being able to end my shift feeling like I helped someone somehow. I feel like I did something worthwhile. 
.
It's my birthday, I am happy and there is nothing depressing about this post
Just wanted to share that. I am kinda truly happy right now. 

I am in the process of updating my wardrobe and got a beautiful watch from my parents. This evening I am going out with friends and since I don't have to drive home for the first time in years I may actually get drunk enough to talk to girls. Tomorrow I am invited to a birthday party of a friend I hadn't seen in 3 years and we are going to a Gothic club. Sunday I am baking cake to share with my team at work.

Things are just really looking good right now even though I am not a bit closer to actually being successful when it comes to girls but caring less seems to be a decent first step.

Let's just all be positive in here, okay?
.
Just under 6 months ago i tried to kill myself. today, i graduated college
(this post is inspired by https://www.reddit.com/r/CasualConversation/comments/8obhyv/i_tried_to_kill_myself_two_months_ago_tomorrow_im/?st=JIJ59TQD&sh=c5e31246, shoutout to u/CorpusLuteum)

i haven’t really told anyone about it, and it was a pretty heavy weight i still think about a lot. i’ve had some rough patches over the years, and to graduate i had to take 2 extra courses this term, which was pretty stressful but i wanted to graduate in 4 years and prove something to myself

today, i got my BS in engineering, and i got pretty choked up over it, so i just wanted to share this somewhere, thought here would not be too bad of a choice. thank you for reading 
.
I just had vocal cord surgery and I'm not allowed to make any noise for one week. I now realize how hard it is to not laugh...I feel like I'm Jimmy Fallon on a SNL sketch trying not to break.
I had a vocal cyst removed from my vocal cords a few days ago and now I'm on vocal rest i.e. no talking, coughing, throat clearing, or noise making of any kind. For the past few days it's been alright, I go to work, I use ASL to communicate with coworkers, and I bring a whiteboard pad with me for any words I don't know in ASL, which happen to be every word but "thank you" and "you're welcome." So really I only use ASL to say thanks and vice versa. But things have been okay! Except for the fact that I can't laugh...I never realized how hard it is to stop the urge to laugh. I can't read Group Chats with my friends since they're too funny, I skip out on certain subreddits (except /r/funny, rim shot!) to avoid making me laugh, and I can't watch my favorite tv shows since they always make me burst! We take things for granted like electricity and agriculture but man personally I took laughter for granted. 
.
I'm proud of myself for a change.
I've been writing short stories on Reddit, and just recently noticed that I've averaged 6-8k views for my last 5 stories, and I'm really excited about it. None of my friends or family are aware and those that are don't care about the stuff I write. so I just wanted to take a moment to tell some-one how proud I am about those numbers!!
.
Do you think there are any celebrities on Reddit just blending in anonymously?
Edit 2: ITT the consensus seems to be that if you’re an anonymous celebrity we totally get it, and we just want you be happy and take care of yourself.

Edit: I should probably have titled this “Do you ever think about how there are probably celebrities on Reddit?” Because I’m sure there are and I never really think about it when chating with internet strangers.

I mean like with a regular anonymous account like we all have (I know they do AMA’s etc.).

I used Reddit 100% separate from my regular life. I love it because I can chat on here anonymously. No one knows who I am if I say something dumb, and I can chat about things I want to keep private irl.

I would think for a celebrity, an anonymous Reddit account would be amazing to say things they’d be scrutinized for otherwise, and to talk about things in their life that they want to keep private otherwise. I imagine being famous might get quite lonely at times.

Anyone else have this thought? Or heard of it being true?
.
I've just eaten a mango, for the first time in my life.
My dad ate a mango once when he visited Egypt, and even though his Egyptian friends hyped it for him and praised its delicious flavor, he still thought it wasn't that great. He said it tasted horrible, in fact.

But I was surprised to see mangoes at the local bazar a few days ago and (like an idiot) asked the guy how much for a kilo, as if I was buying tomatoes. He said, "These are sold by quantity. One mango for 7.5 Liras." I immediately knew I had to try it, no matter the cost, so I just picked one (they all looked identical) and said, "Bag it!" 7.5 Liras could get me two kilograms of apples, for comparison.

I ate it today! I watched a video which explained how to cut and dice a mango properly. Compared to the one in the video, my mango felt more robust and less fleshy. Also, it looked visibly greener, with almost no redness on the outside. However, it tasted really good. It had a hint of carrot with orange, all sweetened mildly.

I could very much see mangoes being one of my favorite fruits. Alas, they don't grow in or around where I live, and so they have to be imported, which makes them expensive and available only for a few weeks each year.

What is your favorite fruit? What is a fruit (or food item) that you got to try, and what were your impressions? Discuss :P

EDIT: will go to sleep now, so I apologize if I don't reply to you nice people right away. Good night :)

EDIT 2: so I woke up, replied to a few comments then went to work. I'm back now and will be replying to, hopefully, every kind redditor who took the time to comment on my post :)
.
I am hanging out with my crush on Saturday. I cannot wait!
This weekend a friend of mine is visiting from out of state. I decided to plan an outing and took a chance on inviting my crush to come along. He said he was interested but never gave a definite answer until the other day, which was yes. Not only am I excited to have my friend in town but now I get to spend some of the time with my crush too. Honestly, I cannot even begin to express my excitement. I don't know if I have stopped smiling since he said he will be there. 

&#x200B;

Does anyone else have fun plans for this weekend that they are looking forward to? 

ETA: Thanks everyone for all the kind words! I honestly didn’t think this post would blow up like it did. 
Just to be clear on something, we all going on a group outing, meaning there will be more people there than just the 3 of us. 
.
Finally heard back about an internship I applied to on a whim and SOMEHOW I GOT IT!!!
A couple months ago I sent in a very lengthy application for an internship with the United Nations and I just heard back that I was accepted?!?!? I still cannot believe it is real; I keep re-reading the email because I really didn’t expect to get it. I was thoroughly convinced I was denied because it took them so long to respond. I’ve never been to Europe before and this is in Athens, Greece so I’m super excited! Also kind of nervous though. That’s normal right??

Edit: I love this sub! Thank you all so so much!!!! I feel less nervous already. For everybody asking about internship opportunities I recommend aiesec.org. Many of my friends have interned through this NGO. There are hundreds of paid and unpaid internships and actual jobs available, all across the globe.
.
My 11 year old son
I'm not sure where to post this, so I figure this is as good a place as any. 

The other day my 11 year old son came home from school and shared a story of schoolyard conflict with me in confidence. Some of his friends had been fighting and he needed to get it off his chest. Afterwards I told him that I thought he was a great friend. He'd handled a difficult situation that might pressure other people into going along with the crowd, but he didn't judge and stuck by his friend. 

I was proud of him. But what followed made me feel even prouder. 

He went on to say "that's what *another friend* said when he told me he was gay. He said he trusted me because I don't judge."

He told me this so casually, didn't faze him in the least. 

And that's when I learned that, thank goodness, the world is changing. Slowly, person by person, the world is changing for the better. 

I shared this with a friend tonight and teared up. I'm proud to know a person like my son who doesn't pass judgment, who knows who he likes, sticks up for his friends (even against his friends). 

There's a saying that standing up against your enemies is hard, but standing up to your friends is harder. This kid does it. He's way braver than I was at his age, possibly even now. 

We have a lot to learn from our kids. 

EDIT: Hey everyone! I apologize for the late replies. I posted this last night and was at work all day. Busy day, it was!

Thanks so, so much for the gold and the kind words - it was beautiful to read how touched some of you were. 

My son really is a great kid. I definitely make a point of telling him how proud I am. More importantly, I remind him that he should be proud of himself. 

Thank you all again. :)
.
My brother fell in the toilet and it was hilarious.
My brother of 23 years who's notorious for leaving the toilet seat up just became a victim of his own crime. He fell in the toilet last night and it literally scared him straight. He said it was the most terrifying experience he's ever had and apologized to me, promising never to leave it up again. 

I know this is a place for more serious stuff, but I almost died of laughter and wanted to share the story.
.
Today I passed out at a restaurant and came to a realization
So as the title says, I passed out at a restaurant. I blacked out and busted my chin open on a chair before I went down. The paramedics were called and it was chaotic. 

Regardless, the first thing I felt when the EMT started asking me questions was jealousy. I feel like I'm crazy but that's literally the first thing I thought, "This guy knows all this medical stuff and I don't." 

I'm interested in the medical field but I wasn't sure if it was right for me or not or if I was making the right decision, but if the first thing I feel is jealousy after blacking out then I feel like that's more proof than anything. I'm kind of glad in a way. 
.
My 2.5 year old toddler burned me hard today.
I walked out of the bathroom with just my pajama pants on. She says "Daddy has boobies, wear a bra?"

Gonna go hit the treadmill for a while.
.
For the longest time I though Hanna-Barbera was run by two women.
Was kind of disappointed when I found it was created by  William Hanna and Joseph Barbera. 

Don't know why though just liked the idea of two women creating kids shows.
.
Does anyone else start typing up a comment or post and then half way through... just decide not to?
I've probably got hundreds of posts that I've not actually posted because I've decided that I just can't be arsed, or reading it back through, it's actually not that funny/interesting. 

Edit; I don't care that it's now 24 hours later - please feel free to carry on commenting, I SHALL REAd THEM ALL
.
I just want to brag about my family.
We are a really Kooky family. Young (25f/28m/12m) with a baby on the way. Yesterday while I was cooking dinner, I had my nephew at the table doing bridge learning and my husband tearing apart the dryer because one of the fins came loose. 

We had a great dinner, the kid wasn't moody at all (in fact super energetic for nighttime) and we fixed the dryer. All by ourselves, the first go round. We all crawled into the master bed later and created a meal plan for the next two weeks where we all take turns cooking (the kid only cooks 2 times and he loves to cook). After we were done, it all felt super productive and made us all kind of happy. Like we are finally feeling like a family for the first time. (we got guardianship of our nephew in April and it's been rough going)

So that's it. We just had a really good night and I loved it.
.
I have very fond memories of watching Winnie the Pooh as a child. I randomly decided to watch an episode of it again the other day because I was feeling terribly down, and strangely nostalgic for my distant past. I don't regret a thing.
I am an adult male, yes. 

No, I am not going to become one of those Bronies. Nothing against bronies or anything

This was a one time thing. 

I watched one of the silly songs where the yellow bear hallucinates swimming through an ocean of honey when he is in fact rolling around in mud and actually eating it ...

I also decided to look for some of the media where Christopher Robin was the focus here, since I had the original books in which he was actually the main character. 

 I was maybe seven or eight when watching Winnie the Pooh, and this was a much happier time for me in general because I did not yet know of just how crazy the outside world really was. 

The world of Winnie the Pooh was quite a wholesome place I must say, and I would love to be able to replicate the magic of this universe in my own writing once day. All the silly poems, the precociously child-like characters, that sweet young boy, the sense of wonder displayed towards the world

Edit:  I seem to recall an episode where for some weird reason Christopher Robin of all people was in big trouble after doing something apparently naughty and at one point he had a jail uniform on as a gag. Tigger was there and he said something in that scene which must have incriminated him because he had an oh crap face afterwards. Anybody know what this might have been from? I suspect it was an earlier episode, likely from before the 2011 series. 

Edit: Found it, it was "Sorry, wrong slusher" and one of the later episodes of The New Adventures of Winnie the Pooh. Yes, it was a dream sequence. Christopher Robin is the last person who would ever get sent to jail even though in this television series he does act a bit more immature than usual.
.
My cat got put down today, but I think now rather than being sad he's gone, I'm celebrating his life. :)
His name was Rosco, he was a brown Siamese [edit: meezer] who we took in from the Toronto SPCA. He lived in a nice home with a loving family for 17 long years. We love you, Rosco! 


.
RIP Fruit Fly
This morning I went to the break room to get myself a cup of coffee, as I normally do. When I went to grab the pot, I noticed a tiny fruit fly floating around. It was minding its own business, so I let it be as I poured the coffee into my mug. I was happy to have a little company in my morning routine, no matter how small the companion. I smiled watching it fly aimlessly around me, marveling at the freedom such a creature must have. Then, to my horror, the suicidal bastard flew straight into my steaming hot coffee. I was stunned, wondering what kind of problems it must have been facing to think death by drowning in burning liquid was the answer. Shaken over the turn of events, I remorsefully emptied my cup, and the little guy, down the drain. RIP fruit fly, you will be missed.
.
A $2,000 laptop was left on my porch by UPS. Today, they couldn't deliver a box of Reese Puffs cereal without a signature.
I'm sad because I really want a bowl of cereal right now.

Update: the cereal was delivered. It didn't require a signature as the slip he left behind yesterday told me. He said "He just didn't want to leave it out here."

Dick.
.
Just recalled middle school me convincing my mother to buy me a Dr Dre album by claiming he was an actual doctor and there were educational aspects to his music.
lol
.
I've realised I've never seen an owl in real life :(
I know there are owls around my house because I can hear them at night hooting (???) but I've never actually seen any. There isn't really an end to this story. I guess I wish I could see these owls irl. My favourite are barn owls. They're equally as cute as they are creepy.

Edit: I should clarify I mean wild owls. I've seen them in sanctuaries/rescues. But I wanna see a wild one in a tree with its spooky eyes
.
I just graduated High School!
I had to drop out of HS because when I was 14 my mom was moving us around so much that I was falling way behind and failing almost every class. I just graduated today at 20 with a 3.7 GPA! Not great but considering I went from a d and f student to an a and b student I'm pretty happy with it!
.
It is mind blowing that we have a robot on Planet Mars taking full HD pictures everyday, yet most people don't care about it. How can ANYONE not be astonished??
I'm always baffled how most people just ignore it or don't even care!!!

My reaction is always like.... "these pictures are taken from ANOTHER planet millions of miles away... Woah!!!"
.
I was called handsome today.
A cute redhead (my age for once) called me handsome and strong indirectly.  
It's nice  
Something else to talk about.  
Erm, i haven't drunk water for 3 weeks. (Pure water atleast)  
Edit : Water has been drunken.

.
Is it weird how saying sentences backwards creates backwards sentences saying how weird it is?
English is weird sometimes. It can be understood through tough thorough thought though.
.
For the first time in my life, there is a comma in my bank balance
For my whole life, I've been in poverty. For months, we lost money every month and did not qualify for government assistance. I have a bachelor's degree and my wife has her masters degree, and neither of us can find work in our fields.

Last month, I applied for a debt consolidation loan through the bank I worked at. I was able to lock in 5% interest, and convert $550 in monthly payments down to $252. 

As stupid as this sounds, I was almost in tears just now because I was able to afford a new wallet. When I clicked "buy", and wasn't worried about where my next meal is coming from, I felt ecstatic.

How is your day going?
.
Anybody else think that Dominoes pizza is fuckin killing it right now?
Ever since they revamped their pizza I’d say they easily have the best pizza of the big chains, they’re literally fixing the roads in America, and they now will deliver to tons of random spots you might be at. I just think that’s pretty cool.

Edit: Jesus people no I have no relation to dominoes it was more of a showerthought than anything. Fat unemployed 23 year old here https://imgur.com/a/UwDsD5d

Edit 2: I just want to say I feel so exposed knowing how many of you just checked my post/comment history.
.
I was just asked if I was over 12, I’m 23
If anyone says I should feel good about looking 12 years younger you will be down voted. 

I get told a lot I look considerably younger, 5 years younger or so but this is something very new to me. I just don’t know how to react. I just told her I was over over 12 and am now leaving after finishing my breakfast. Just wow. I have no more words. 

Update: 
Wow, already almost 200 upvotes, stop blowing my phone up guys. How did this post get so popular?

Update 2:
This is insane. I never imagined this post would blow up so much. I’m already at 1,200+ upvotes and 13,000+ views. It’s already 2 in the morning and it looks like the only way I will be getting a my rest tonight is if I turn it off. Too bad I need my alarm for work.....  It’s awesome getting this much recognition. I never thought talking about my baby face would be so popular among Redditors. 

Isn’t it crazy to see how many of us have the same day to day struggles? Now here is an easy bonus for you guys, just because I’m bored and I have been seeing this a lot. If u can guess my gender you get some brownie points. It seems a lot of u guys have been getting this wrong, nbd. Hint: it’s in my username. 

I know it may be stupid but this is what happens when I am up till 2 am I guess lol. 
.
I don't have a lot of friends so when I get the opportunity to make one, I come off as clingy and desperate, perpetuating the cycle of having no friends
This has been hitting me particularly hard as of late. I'm very lonely and have been for quite some time. When I get the opportunity to meet people or someone reaches out to me, I think I exude that loneliness and desperation and inadvertently push them away.

I come off as clingy and anxious, obsessing over every word I say for fear of accidentally putting them off, checking and double checking their comfort level during the conversation, or not talking and just letting them blab while nodding. We get a good text convo flowing and then I blow up the chat because I'm so happy to finally have someone to talk to, which scares them away. Sometimes I move too fast in wanting to hang in person, come to their place, etc.

Basically I self sabotage every potential connection presented to me, and have found myself unable to ever make friends because of this vicious cycle. Anyone else here with a similar experience?
.
Whenever I type 'lol', I envision it as a man lifting his arms next to his head saying 'woo'.
Also, it's just the head and arms, no other body parts. And he says 'woo' in the most half-arsed way possible (kind of in a Jon Richardson voice). I cannot explain why I do this, but it gives me so much joy whenever I read it. Does anyone else do anything else similar to this? Or do you have any more questions?

lol woo  
  
**EDIT:**  
    
Okay, I've just woken up and I love that everyone is seeing this. I've replied to most of you, and have made a few discoveries. Here goes:  
David Mitchell and Donald Trump are also acceptible *woo*-ers, as is Rick Flair if you want it to be enthusiastic, instead of unenthusiastic.  
  
o7 is an American saluting.  
\~\~\~lol~~~\^~ is someone drowning with a shark.  
  
It has also come to my attention that some of you are at work, so if you are, could you irl raise your arms up and give a quick '*woo*' and let me know any reactions you get?  
  
Cheers,  
M.  
  
lol^*woo*

.
Up,Up,DownDown,Left,Right,Left,Right,B,A,Enter. If you have RES do it right now.
Stuff flies by the screen
.
Just found out someone broke into my car last week but only took my swedish fish
Our leasing office called me today to say they have my wallet, which is confusing because I had my wallet next to me in my purse. Last Wednesday night, somebody went through a bunch of unlocked cars in our lot and took stuff. The thief ran off when someone saw him and he threw a bunch of the stuff he was carrying (including the wallet that was in my dash). Thankfully it was just an old wallet I had stopped using full of useless business cards. 

After work Wednesday I had bought a huge bag of Swedish fish. I was confused when I left for class Thursday morning because my Swedish fish were gone out of the front seat. I thought that I must’ve misplaced them somehow or maybe my boyfriend took them as a joke. Apparently the thief was hungry enough to steal an opened bag of Swedish fish! 
.
Extreme Coffee people are weirdly aggressive
I love coffee, a lot. But people who think you don’t really like coffee unless you drink it black or with no sugar are just annoying. I love super sweet fun flavored coffee, I will put whipped cream on it, or chocolate creamer with sugar, or whatever I what to make that bitter bean my caffeine whore. It doesn’t make me love it less.
Rant over, I’m curious and looking for fun ideas. How do you guys like your coffee? Or favorite tea?

Edit: Thanks for all the replies! I should clarify though, I do very much love the taste of coffee itself but it’s bitter and I like to hide that in tons of fun flavors and styles.
.
I don't like waking up early but I love the feeling of mornings. Does anyone else feel the same way?
Like the title says, I'm not a big fan of waking up early. At least when I'm not used to it (which is most of the time now haha). But I do enjoy the feeling of mornings. I like the feeling of things just waking up and starting up to get ready for the day. If I ever need to be downtown early in the day for something, I try to get there a bit early so I can people watch for a little bit. 



Does anyone else like the feeling of a certain time of day?
.
Whenever I watch Nirvana Unplugged I stare at the audience and realize most of them were around the same age as I am now. Then it occurs to me that a lot of them are in their 50's now. Then I start having an existential crisis.
Getting old is strange.  I'd love to hear from anybody who was there!
.
#trashtag is the best trend I've seen pop up ever.
There's always a dumb trend going on where everybody wants to join in on (weird dancing one with horse heads and stuff, etc) but this #trashtag where people post pics of a beach or road they've cleaned up is the latest one ive seen, and I'm 100% on board with people trying to farm Internet points with these posts haha. 
.
Does anyone else have a hard time hearing words in songs?
I don't know if it's normal or not but for all of my life I've had a hard time understanding words in songs. I listen to a huge variety of different music and almost all of the time I just can't tell what the words being sung are. I usually look up the lyrics if I like a song because I don't know what it's really about until I read the words.

I've noticed this also happens when people talking to me. Unless they speak clearly I have to ask them to repeat themselves, sometimes more then once. 

Is this a normal thing? Do other people hear all the words but not all instruments? I've never really thought about this until now. I feel like I'm missing parts of music because I don't look up lyrics to everything. 

Edit: missing words 
.
My second sister who has been the butt of so many “always a bridesmaid but never a bride” jokes just got engaged to a wonderful man in a beautiful way. I’m so fucking happy for her I needed to tell someone.
Yeah, title. On top of that, my niece from my other sister just turned 1. They’ve started calling me “Funcle” on account of my calling dibs on being the “fun uncle”. My heart is so full. Thank you all for reading! 
.
I feel like I am starting to get my shit together
I started going to the gym, eating and dressing better, had a first part time job, passed a driving exam, fixed my sleeping pattern, have my own apartment (with the help of my parents, but still), learned how to prepare few basic meals etc. 
.
For the first time ever, I asked a girl if she was single!
She said no and that she had a boyfriend.

She followed up, however, by asking me if I had a girlfriend.

"No, I never have, unfortunately..."

"Wow, really? Never? Why?"

"I...I don't know, it's just a constant in my life, it seems."

"You're a really really sweet and nice guy, though!"

"Aw, thanks..."

"I am sorry, though, I do have a boyfriend. Thank you, though."

-

*everything went better than expected*
.
I bought weed for the first time today!
I'm 28 and I've only smoked/tried edibles twice. 

I booked a little solo bed and breakfast getaway for myself this weekend and a friend talked about how one day she spent four hours journaling and listening to music. I have some stuff I'd like to work through but sometimes it's hard to just sit down and take a long look at your mental wellness for long periods of time. So I thought, what could be better than to add some weed to the mix? I'm hoping it will help get me in the zone. 

A friend from work is actually an "herb concierge" so I asked if she had any edibles. She offered me a choice between cookie dough balls or a nerd rope. I went with the cookie dough balls. She doesn't work at my location but she came by and I met her outside. She rolled down the window and handed me a little brown gift bag with blue crepe paper and I awkwardly flung $20 on her seat. 

I may be 28 but as I went back inside with my illicit goods I grinned gleefully at the thought of how appalled my parents would be. They are very much Nixon-era "weed is a gateway drug" types. So I guess I just bought drugs from my dealer! 


For anyone reading this don't worry - I'll start off with a small amount and give it a couple hours to kick in. I've heard the horror stories too.
.
I finally got a place over my head!
Hello first post on Reddit, excited to be here and meet you all, hope that everyday brings you some joy! One love folks! 

Just happy to announce I've come from being homeless, I'm officially out of the shelter and into my own room I'm in a house and couldn't be happier.

I dont own bed or tv or anything yet but being able to lay on the floor in my own area In private is making me cry with happiness, I have a ceiling !


.
I think it is odd that people take things that they do not own.
I was just thinking the other day how we have to lock our bikes to things so that somebody will not take them. If I see an unlocked bike my first thought is not to take it. Same goes for anything really. I just don't understand the type of person that will take something if it isn't bolted to the ground. 

EDIT: I never thought that this topic would gain so much interest. I am enjoying reading everyone's thoughts on this.
.
Im too polite and now the Jehovahs Witnesses think I am very interested and have started showing up more and more and weirding me out
Hey everybody. At my apartment JWs showed up a long time ago and the first time I basically said “now isnt a good time” to get out of it and they left a little reading packet. It was two old ladies, one did all the talking and the other one looked very sweet. The one who did all the talking is a person with very intense eyes. The next time they came I said I wasnt looking for this kind of a thing at the time and to have a good day. The main old lady who did all the talking looked a little mad but the other one just smiled and said have a good day.  (Also my floor creaks when I check the peep hole so if I see who is at my door they can hear me there)

A good amount of time went by before I saw the main old lady again. This time the sweet older woman wasnt there but in her place was a stunning young (25 or so yo)woman. She took the same role as the sweet woman of just smiling at me while the intense eyed woman talked. But this time the talk wasnt about how my life can be improved and find deeper meaning. It was all about the bountiful gifts I could receive by giving myself to the lord, their was an uncomfortable feeling of implication there for sure. I just let her talk before eventually taking the little brochure and getting myself out of it and I dodged her for months.

Until today! She came back today with the same woman and another woman who was maybe 20 years old. This time the intense eyed woman started by introducing me to her friends and asking how I have been and stuff before starting another try. 

The main lady is really creeping me out at this point and there is something about her that makes me uneasy, but this whole thing is adding a weird excitement to my very boring life.

Tl:dr. Kinda creepy Jehovah Witness woman comes to my apartment. First brought an old woman as silent backup then gorgeous woman my age then 2 gorgeous woman but I never shut it down.


.
Sometimes I wish I could go back in life, not to change shit, just to feel some things twice.
I wonder if anyone else feels similarly in this regard.

Edit: This really blew up over night. I'll try to talk with as many people as I can. I really had no clue that this was a lyric from a Drake song.
.
I had a psycho lady lie and sue me for $7,000. Today during trial, I exposed her lies and WON BITCHES!
Ugh so much stress off my shoulders. With a freaking ridiculous backstory: 

A year ago I moved to a new city. I weighed the pros and cons of being a roommate or having my own place and decided I’d get a roommate and save money. 

Big mistake. 

I moved in with a woman, we’ll call her Satan. Satan has a gorgeous dog friendly condo and was in my price range. She told me she was a lawyer and came off put together. Our move in was informal and we never actually signed a lease. 

Shortly after moving in, things started to take a turn. What she quoted me for utilities was FAR off from what she promised. Like $600 a month more. 

Then she opens up about her severe mental illness and substance abuse history. We drank wine when we met. Later I learned she had only recently started drinking again. 

She never left the house. She slept at all crazy hours and drank all day every day. 

She had mental breakdowns at night where she would start screaming hysterically at 2am. 

Satan flew to another state to sleep with a doctor in exchange for Klonopin. 

Then one night she and a friend took it to another level. They were taking the klonopin and drinking all night. So intoxicated it was nuts. 

My dog wakes me up to go out at 2am. When we get back, I go to kitchen for a glass of water. 

That’s when I see she was literally smoking crack in the kitchen. All over the counter where my dog could have easily reached it. That was the final straw. I moved out that day on the 20th. She didn’t even notice until I gave my letter that day. 

In my state, verbal agreements only require 30 days notice and don’t need a reason. Also as a tenant I learned I have a right to something called “quiet enjoyment”. So having mental breakdowns and SMOKING CRACK certainly violate that right. If that right is violated, I technically could have demanded my last month rent back. 

After I leave, another guy moved in. He lasted a month until her crack smoking made him feel unsafe too. She sued him. 

Satan then said she didn’t fill the apartment, claimed we signed a lease, and sued me for 7,000. She even got caught electronically superimposing my signature on a random lease agreement. 

What Satan *didn’t* know, is that I knew about the crack smoking and took pictures that night. I didn’t quote it in my notice letter either, so she had no clue it was coming. 

The SECOND I busted out those photos, she dropped the case instantly. I had so much more too and she didn’t see it coming. 

I’d also like to mention that she is a millionaire. Like big time. Would go chandelier shopping for fun. Every article of clothing was at least $500. I was house hunting and she’d chuckled about how I was looking at 30year loans and she could buy it outright. Satan was the most entitled, detached from reality, fucking princess I’ve ever met. Squeezing my fresh grad, nonprofit working, broke af ass. 

Satan can kiss my butthole.
.
I Just Earned the Eagle Rank in Boy Scouts
As of two days ago I achieved the pinnacle of what can be done as a Scout! It took 6 and a half years and was a 326 step process. Only 2.6% of scouts achieve the rank of eagle, and it's my proudest achievement! For my Eagle Service project I created brochures of information on judges whose portraits hang in the local courthouse, including my grandpa! Information on all 17 judges has never been curated all in the same place before, so I'm proud to have created a totally new resource for my community!
.
